https://odb.org/2020/03/14/better-than-life/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Better than Life

Because your love is better than life, my lips will glorify you.
Psalm 63:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 63:1–8

Though Mary loved Jesus—life was hard, real hard. Two sons preceded
her in death as did two grandsons, both victims of shootings. And Mary
herself suffered a crippling stroke that left her paralyzed on one
side. Yet, as soon as she was able she made her way to church services
where it wasn’t uncommon for her—with fractured speech—to express
praise to the Lord with words like, “My soul loves Jesus; bless His
name!”

Long before Mary expressed her praise to God, David penned the words
of Psalm 63. The heading of the psalm notes that David wrote it “when
he was in the Desert of Judah.” Though in a less than desirable—even
desperate—situation, he didn’t despair because he hoped in God. “You,
God, are my God, earnestly I seek you; I thirst for you . . . in a dry
and parched land where there is no water” (v. 1).

Perhaps you’ve found yourself in a place of difficulty, without clear
direction or adequate resources. Uncomfortable situations can confuse
us, but they need not derail us when we cling to the One who loves us
(v. 3), satisfies us (v. 5), helps us (v. 7), and whose right hand
upholds us (v. 8). Because God’s love is better than life, like Mary
and David, we can express our satisfaction with lips that praise and
honor God (vv. 3–5).

By:  Arthur Jackson

Reflect & Pray

How would you describe your attitude when you find yourself in a
“desert season” of life? How can Psalm 63 help you to better prepare
for such seasons?

Jesus, I’m so grateful that I can praise You in the dry, desperate
times of my life because Your love is better than life!
