https://odb.org/2020/07/10/not-taking-advantage/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Not Taking Advantage

Don’t harm yourself! We are all here!
Acts 16:28

Today's Scripture & Insight: Acts 16:22–34

Several inmates were collecting roadside garbage to reduce their jail
time when their supervisor, James, collapsed. They rushed to his aid
and realized he was having a medical emergency. One inmate borrowed
James’ phone to call for help. The sheriff’s department later thanked
the inmates for helping get their supervisor prompt medical attention,
especially because they could have instead neglected him—to his great
detriment as he was having a stroke—or used the situation to their own
advantage to escape.

The kindness of the inmates’ actions is not unlike those of Paul and
Silas when they were imprisoned. After they’d been stripped, beaten,
and thrown into prison, an earthquake struck so violently that it
loosed their chains and shook the prison doors off their hinges (Acts
16:23–26). When the jailer awoke, he naturally assumed the prisoners
had fled, so he prepared to take his own life (to preempt what
would’ve been his punishment for their escape). When Paul shouted, “We
are all here!” (v. 28) the jailer was so moved by their
actions—uncharacteristic of prisoners—that he became curious about the
God they worshiped, ultimately coming to believe in Him too (vv.
29–34).

The way we treat others reveals what we believe and value. When we
choose to do good instead of harm, our actions might just prompt them
to wonder about the God we know and love.

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

In what situation can you choose to not take advantage for your own
gain? How might that decision benefit someone else?

Loving God, help me to make choices that will draw others to You.
