https://odb.org/2019/04/05/a-new-heart/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Need a New Heart?

I will give you a new heart and put a new spirit in you.
Ezekiel 36:26

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ezekiel 36:24–27

The news was grim. My father had been having chest pains, so his
doctor ordered a test to peer into his heart. The result? Blockage
found in three arteries.

Triple-bypass surgery was scheduled for February 14. My dad, though
anxious, saw that date as a hopeful sign: “I’m getting a new heart for
Valentine’s Day!” And he did! The surgery went perfectly, restoring
life-giving blood flow to his struggling heart—his “new” heart.

My father’s surgery reminded me that God offers us a new life as well.
Because sin clogs our spiritual “arteries”—our capacity to connect
with God—we need spiritual “surgery” to clear them.

That’s what God promised His people in Ezekiel 36:26. He assured the
Israelites, “I will give you a new heart. . . . I will remove from you
your heart of stone and give you a heart of flesh.” He also promised,
“I will cleanse you from all your impurities” (v. 25) and “put my
Spirit in you” (v. 27). To a people who’d lost hope, God promised a
fresh start as the One who could renew their lives.

That promise was ultimately fulfilled through Jesus’s death and
resurrection. When we trust in Him, we receive a new spiritual heart,
one that’s cleansed of our sin and despair. Filled with Christ’s
Spirit, our new heart beats with the spiritual lifeblood of God, that
“we too may live a new life” (Romans 6:4).

By:  Adam R. Holz

Reflect & Pray

How does God’s promise of a new life bring hope when you’re struggling
with guilt or shame? How will you rely on the Spirit’s power today
instead of your own?

Father, thank You for the new hope You’ve given us in Jesus. Help us
to trust You daily as Your Spirit leads us into a whole new way of
living.
