http://odb.org/2016/10/24/choosing-to-change/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Choosing to Change

Rid yourselves of all the offenses you have committed, and get a new
heart and a new spirit.
Ezekiel 18:31

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ezekiel 18:25–32

When my son acquired a small robot, he had fun programming it to
perform simple tasks. He could make it move forward, stop, and then
retrace its steps. He could even get it to beep and replay recorded
noises. The robot did exactly what my son told it to do. It never
laughed spontaneously or veered off in an unplanned direction. It had
no choice.

When God created humans, He didn’t make robots. God made us in His
image, and this means we can think, reason, and make decisions. We’re
able to choose between right and wrong. Even if we have made a habit
of disobeying God, we can decide to redirect our lives.

When the ancient Israelites found themselves in trouble with God, He
spoke to them through the prophet Ezekiel. Ezekiel said, “Repent! Turn
away from all your offenses; then sin will not be your downfall. . . .
Get a new heart and a new spirit” (Ezek. 18:30–31).

This kind of change can begin with just one choice, empowered by the
Holy Spirit (Rom. 8:13). It might mean saying no at a critical moment.
No more gossip. No more greed. No more jealousy. No more ___________.
(You fill in the blank.) If you know Jesus, you’re not a slave to sin.
You can choose to change, and with God’s help, this personal
revolution can start today.

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

Dear God, all things are possible with You. Through the power of
Jesus’s resurrection help me to take the first step toward a life of
greater devotion to You.

For a new start, ask God for a new heart.
