https://odb.org/2020/07/03/it-only-takes-a-spark/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

Just a Spark

The tongue is a small part of the body, but it makes great boasts.
James 3:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: James 3:1–6

“We’re in the library, and we can see the flames right outside!” She
was scared. We could hear it in her voice. We know her voice—the voice
of our daughter. At the same time we knew her college campus was the
safest place for her and her almost 3,000 fellow students. The 2018
Woolsey Fire spread more quickly than anyone anticipated—most of all
fire personnel. The record heat and dry conditions in the California
canyon, along with the legendary Santa Ana winds, were all the rather
small sparks needed to ultimately burn 97,000 acres, destroy more
than 1,600 structures, and kill three people. In the photos taken
after the fire was contained, the usual lush coastline resembled the
barren surface of the moon.

In the book of James, the author names some small but powerful things:
“bits [in] the mouths of horses” and the rudders of ships (3:3–4). And
while familiar, these examples are somewhat removed from us. But then
he names something a little closer to home, something small that every
human being possesses—a tongue. And while this chapter is first
directed specifically to teachers (v. 1), the application quickly
spreads to each of us. The tongue, small as it is, can lead to
disastrous results.

Our small tongues are powerful, but our big God is more powerful. His
help on a daily basis provides the strength to rein in and guide our
words.

By:  John Blase

Reflect & Pray

When was the last time your tongue got away from you? What will help
you keep a tight rein on your words in God’s strength?

Jesus, I’ve been on the receiving end of words that burn. And my words
have hurt others. Help me to keep a tight rein on my tongue. To learn
more about the book of James, visit christianuniversity.org/nt336.
