http://odb.org/2017/02/05/begin-where-you-are/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Begin Where You Are

The heavens declare the glory of God; the skies proclaim the work of
his hands.
Psalm 19:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 136:1–9

I came across a solitary flower growing in a meadow today—a tiny
purple blossom “wasting its sweetness in the desert air,” to borrow
from the poet Thomas Gray’s wonderful line. I’m sure no one had seen
this particular flower before, and perhaps no one will see it again.
Why this beauty in this place? I thought.

Nature is never wasted. It daily displays the truth, goodness, and
beauty of the One who brought it into being. Every day nature offers a
new and fresh declaration of God’s glory. Do I see Him through that
beauty, or do I merely glance at it and shrug it off in indifference?

All nature declares the beauty of the One who made it. Our response
can be worship, adoration, and thanksgiving—for the radiance of a
cornflower, the splendor of a morning sunrise, the symmetry of one
particular tree.

Author C. S. Lewis describes a walk in the forest on a hot summer day.
He had just asked his friend how best to cultivate a heart thankful
toward God. His hiking companion turned to a nearby brook, splashed
his face and hands in a little waterfall, and asked, “Why not begin
with this?” Lewis said he learned a great principle in that moment:
“Begin where you are.”

A trickling waterfall, the wind in the willows, a baby robin, the blue
sky, a tiny flower. Why not begin your thankfulness with this?

By:  David H. Roper

Reflect & Pray

Father, may we always be reminded that You have placed beauty here
because it reflects Your character. We praise You! What are
you thankful for today? Share it with us on
Facebook.com/ourdailybread.

[God] is the beauty behind all beauty.  Steve DeWitt
