https://odb.org/2021/01/31/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Future with Forgiveness

Do not be overcome by evil, but overcome evil with good.
Romans 12:21

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 12:9–21

In 1994, when South Africa made the transition from government by
apartheid (imposed racial segregation) to a democracy, it faced the
difficult question of how to address the crimes committed under
apartheid. The country’s leaders couldn’t ignore the past, but merely
imposing harsh punishments on the guilty risked deepening the
country’s wounds. As Desmond Tutu, the first black Anglican Archbishop
of South Africa, explained in his book No Future Without
Forgiveness, “We could very well have had justice, retributive
justice, and had a South Africa lying in ashes.”

Through establishing the Truth and Reconciliation Committee, the new
democracy chose the difficult path of pursuing truth, justice, and
mercy. Those guilty of crimes were offered a path to restoration—if
they were willing to confess their crimes and seek to make
restitution. Only by courageously facing the truth could the country
begin to find healing.

In a way, South Africa’s dilemma mirrors the struggle we all face.
We’re called to pursue both justice and mercy (Micah 6:8), but mercy
is often misunderstood to be a lack of accountability, while pursuing
justice can become distorted into pursuing revenge.

Our only path forward is a love that not only “hates what is evil”
(Romans 12:9) but also longs for the transformation and good of our
“neighbor” (13:10). Through the power of Christ’s Spirit, we can learn
what it means to have a future of overcoming evil with good (12:21).

By:  Monica La Rose

Reflect & Pray

When have you witnessed times when the goal of mercy and grace seemed
distorted to enable injustice? When have you seen both justice and
mercy working in harmony?

Loving God, when the pain and injustice around me breaks my heart,
help me to still believe in Your love and power to transform and heal.
Help me to point with my life to Your justice, mercy, and love.
