http://odb.org/2014/04/30/too-late/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=f
eed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Too Late

Therefore, since a promise remains of entering His rest, let us fear
lest any of you seem to have come short of it. —
Hebrews 4:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: Hebrews 4:1-11

It happens nearly every semester. I tell my freshman college writing
class often that they need to keep up with the numerous writing
assignments in order to pass the class. But nearly every semester some
don’t believe me. They’re the ones who send me frantic emails after
the last day of class and give me their reasons for not taking care of
business. I hate to do it, but I have to tell them, “I’m sorry. It’s
too late. You have failed the class.”

That’s bad enough when you’re a college freshman and you realize
you’ve just wasted a couple thousand dollars. But there is a far more
serious, more permanent finality that comes at the end of life if
people haven’t taken care of business with God about their sin. In
those cases, if people die without having put their faith in Jesus
Christ as Savior, they face an eternity without Him.

What a terrible moment it would be to stand before the Savior Himself
and hear Him say, “I never knew you; depart from Me!” (Matt. 7:23).
The author of Hebrews warns us to make sure we don’t “come short”
(4:1) of the eternal rest offered by God. The good news is that it’s
not too late. Today Jesus freely offers to us salvation and
forgiveness through Him.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

If you’d like to know the love of God the Father, Come to Him through
Jesus Christ, His loving Son; He’ll forgive your sins and save your
soul forever, And you’ll love forevermore this faithful One. —Felten

Calvary reveals the seriousness of our sin and the vastness of God’s
love.
