https://odb.org/2019/07/05/practicing-what-we-preach/?utm_source=feedb
urner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bre
ad%29

Practicing What We Preach

Anyone who claims to be in the light but hates a brother or sister is
still in the darkness.
1 John 2:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 John 2:7–11

Pastor and writer Eugene Peterson had the opportunity to hear a
lecture by Swiss physician and highly respected pastoral counselor
Paul Tournier. Peterson had read the doctor’s works, and admired his
approach to healing. The lecture left a deep impression on Peterson.
As he listened, he had the feeling that Tournier lived what he spoke
and spoke what he lived. Peterson chose this word to describe his
experience: “Congruence. It is the best word I can come up with.”

Congruence—it’s what some refer to as “practicing what you preach” or
“walking your talk.” The apostle John stresses that if any of us
“claims to be in the light but hates a brother or sister,” then we’re
“still in the darkness” (1 John 2:9). In essence, our lives and our
words simply don’t match up. John goes further to say such people “do
not know where they are going” (v. 11). The word he chose to describe
how incongruence leaves us? Blind.

Living closely aligned to God by allowing the light of His Word to
illuminate our paths keeps us from living blind. The result is a godly
vision that gives clarity and focus to our days—our words and actions
match up. When others observe this, the impression is not necessarily
that of someone who knows everywhere they’re going, but of someone who
clearly knows who they’re following.

By:  John Blase

Reflect & Pray

In what ways does the word congruence describe you? How can you grow
to live a more consistent life?

Jesus, I want my words and actions to match up. There are times I fall
short, but my desire is to grow more consistent each day. Help me,
please, so that everyone listening and watching my life will be drawn
to You.
