http://odb.org/2012/12/14/i-invented-it/

I Invented It

Where were you when I laid the foundations of the earth? Tell Me, if
you have understanding. —
Job 38:4

Today's Scripture: Job 38:4-18

Willard S. Boyle, Nobel Prize winner in physics, was the co-inventor
of the “electronic eye” behind the digital camera and the Hubble
telescope. He was in the market for a new digital camera and visited a
store in Halifax, Nova Scotia. The salesman tried to explain the
complexity of the camera to Boyle, but stopped because he felt it was
too complicated for him to understand. Boyle then bluntly said to the
salesman: “No need to explain. I invented it.”

After God allowed Satan to test Job by taking away his family, his
health, and his possessions (Job 1–2), Job lamented the day of his
birth (ch. 3). In the following chapters, Job questioned why God would
allow him to endure so much suffering. Then with divine bluntness, God
reminded Job that He “invented” life and created the world (chs.
38–41). God invited him to rethink what he had said. In drawing
attention to His sovereign power and the depth of His wisdom displayed
everywhere on earth (38:4-41), God exposed the immensity of Job’s
ignorance.

If we’re tempted to tell God how life should work, let’s remember He
invented it! May He help us to humbly acknowledge our ignorance and to
rely on Him—the Creator of the universe.

By:  Marvin Williams

Reflect & Pray

Lord, You are so awesome and great. But sometimes in ignorance and
arrogance I attempt to take Your place. I humbly submit my life to You
anew and acknowledge that all glory and praise belongs to You. Amen.

To understand God is impossible, but to worship Him is imperative.
