https://odb.org/2018/06/07/and-in-truth/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

And in Truth

In his love he will no longer rebuke you, but will rejoice over you
with singing.
Zephaniah 3:17

Today's Scripture & Insight: Zephaniah 1:1–6; 2:1–3

Years ago, I attended a wedding where two people from different
countries got married. Such a blending of cultures can be beautiful,
but this ceremony included Christian traditions mixed with rituals
from a faith that worshiped many gods.

Zephaniah the prophet pointedly condemned the mixing of other
religions with faith in the one true God (sometimes called
syncretism). Judah had become a people who bowed in worship to the
true God but who also relied on the god Molek (Zephaniah 1:5).
Zephaniah described their adoption of pagan culture (v. 8) and warned
that as a result God would drive the people of Judah from their
homeland.

Yet God never stopped loving His people. His judgment was to show them
their need to turn to Him. So Zephaniah encouraged Judah to “Seek
righteousness, seek humility” (2:3). Then the Lord gave them tender
words promising future restoration: “At that time I will gather you;
at that time I will bring you home” (3:20).

It’s easy to condemn examples of obvious syncretism like the wedding I
attended. But in reality, all of us easily blend God’s truth with the
assumptions of our culture. We need the Holy Spirit’s guidance to test
our beliefs against the truth of God’s Word and then to stand for that
truth confidently and lovingly. Our Father warmly embraces anyone who
worships Him in the Spirit and in truth (see John 4:23–24).

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

When I am in trouble, where do I turn? A crisis reveals where I put my
trust. Is my faith completely in God? What do I need to give over to
Him today?

God is always ready to forgive and restore.
