http://odb.org/2013/06/26/her-worst-day-ever/

Her Worst Day Ever

I will speak in the anguish of my spirit; I will complain in the
bitterness of my soul. —
Job 7:11

Today's Scripture: Job 7:11-21

In May 2011, a young woman took cover in a bathtub during a tornado
that devastated her city of Joplin, Missouri. Her husband covered her
body with his and took the blows from flying debris. He died, and she
survived because of his heroism. She naturally wrestles with the
question, “Why?” But a year after the tornado, she said that she finds
comfort because even on her worst day ever, she was loved.

When I think about “worst days ever,” I think of Job right away. A man
who loved God, he lost his animals, his servants, and his 10 children
in one day! (Job 1:13-19). Job mourned deeply, and he also asked the
“Why?” questions. He cried out, “Have I sinned? What have I done to
You . . . ? Why have You set me as Your target?” (7:20). Job’s friends
accused him of sinning and thought he deserved his difficulties, but
God said of his friends: “You have not spoken of Me what is right, as
My servant Job has” (42:7). God did not give him the reasons for his
suffering, but He listened to Job and did not fault him for his
questions. God assured him of His control over everything, and Job
trusted Him (42:1-6).

The Lord may not give us the reasons for our trials. But, thankfully,
even on our worst day ever, we can know for sure we are loved by Him
(Rom. 8:35-39).

By:  Anne Cetas

Reflect & Pray

We’re grateful, Father, that You know our hearts with our pain and
joy. Thank You that You never leave us nor forsake us, as Your Word
tells us. Please hold us close during our trials.

God’s love does not keep us from trials, but sees us through them.
