https://odb.org/2017/03/07/ruler-of-the-waves/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Ruler of the Waves

[The Lord said], “This far you may come and no farther; here is where
your proud waves halt.”
Job 38:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: Job 38:1–18

King Canute was one of the most powerful men on earth in the eleventh
century. In a now-famous tale, it is said that he ordered his chair to
be placed on the shore as the tide was rising. “You are subject to
me,” he said to the sea. “I command you, therefore, not to rise on to
my land, nor to wet the clothing or limbs of your master.” But the
tide continued to rise, drenching the king’s feet.

This story is often told to draw attention to Canute’s pride.
Actually, it’s a story about humility. “Let all the world know that
the power of kings is empty,” Canute says next, “save Him by whose
will heaven, earth and sea obey.” Canute’s story makes a point: God is
the only all-powerful One.

Job discovered the same. Compared to the One who laid Earth’s
foundations (Job 38:4–7), who commands morning to appear and night to
end (vv. 12–13), who stocks the storehouses of the snow and directs
the stars (vv. 22, 31–33), we are small. There is only one Ruler of
the waves, and it is not us (v. 11; Matt. 8:23–27).

Canute’s story is good to reenact when we begin feeling too clever or
proud about ourselves. Walk to the beach and tell the tide to halt or
try commanding the sun to step aside. We’ll soon remember who is
really supreme and thank Him for ruling our lives.

By:  Sheridan Voysey

Reflect & Pray

You are high and above all, Lord Almighty. I bow to You as the Ruler
of my life. Our Daily Bread welcomes writer Sheridan Voysey! Meet
Sheridan and all our authors at odb.org/all-authors.

God is great, we are small, and that is good.
