http://odb.org/2013/05/15/no-loose-laces/

No Loose Laces

The children of Israel committed a trespass regarding the accursed
things, for Achan . . . took of the accursed things. —
Joshua 7:1

Today's Scripture: Joshua 7:1-12

One person’s actions can affect an entire group. This truth became
clear to journalist Sebastian Junger as he followed a platoon of
soldiers. Junger watched a soldier accost another soldier whose
bootlaces were trailing on the ground. He didn’t confront him out of
concern for his fashion. He confronted him because his loose laces put
the entire platoon at risk—he couldn’t be counted on not to trip and
fall at a crucial moment. Junger realized that what happens to one
happens to everyone.

Achan’s “bootlaces were loose,” and we learn from his story that sin
is never private. After the great victory at Jericho, God gave Joshua
specific instructions on how to deal with the city and its loot (Josh.
6:18). The people were to “abstain from the accursed things” and to
put all the silver and gold “into the treasury of the Lord”
(vv.18-19). But they disobeyed his command to them (7:1). The
interesting thing is, not all of Israel sinned; only one person
did—Achan. But because of his actions, everyone was affected and God
was dishonored.

As followers of Jesus, we belong to one another and our individual
actions can impact the entire body and God’s name. Let’s “tie up our
laces” so that we may individually and together give God the honor He
deserves.

By:  Marvin Williams

Reflect & Pray

Lord, we know our sin is never private, though we may try to hide it.
Help us to remember that we belong to You and to one another and that
what we do individually grieves You and impacts fellow Christians.

Private sins will inevitably have public impact.
