http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/odb/feed/~3/slJREKTzxKg/

Rhythms of Grace

Take my yoke upon you and learn from me, for I am gentle and humble in
heart, and you will find rest for your souls.
Matthew 11:29

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 11:25–30

A friend and his wife, now in their early nineties and married for
sixty-six years, wrote their family history for their children,
grandchildren, and generations to come. The final chapter, “A Letter
from Mom and Dad,” contains important life-lessons they’ve learned.
One caused me to pause and take inventory of my own life: “If you find
that Christianity exhausts you, draining you of your energy, then you
are practicing religion rather than enjoying a relationship with Jesus
Christ. Your walk with the Lord will not make you weary; it will
invigorate you, restore your strength, and energize your life” (Matt.
11:28–29).

Eugene Peterson’s paraphrase of Jesus’s invitation in this passage
begins, “Are you tired? Worn out? Burned out on religion? . . . Walk
with me and work with me. . . . Learn the unforced rhythms of
grace” (The Message).

When I think that serving God is all up to me, I’ve begun working for
Him instead of walking with Him. There is a vital difference. If I’m
not walking with Christ, my spirit becomes dry and brittle. People are
annoyances, not fellow humans created in God’s image. Nothing seems
right.

When I sense that I’m practicing religion instead of enjoying a
relationship with Jesus, it’s time to lay the burden down and walk
with Him in His “unforced rhythms of grace.”

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Lord Jesus, I come to You today to exchange my frenzied work for Your
pathway of grace.

Jesus wants us to walk with Him.
