http://odb.org/2011/12/15/a-supporting-role/

A Supporting Role

Be kindly affectionate to one another with brotherly love, in honor
giving preference to one another. —
Romans 12:10

Today's Scripture: Romans 12:9-21

After the American TV personality Ed McMahon died in 2009, one
newspaper headline read, “When it came to being the No. 2 man, he was
No. 1.” Best known for his 30-year tenure as Johnny Carson’s late-
night sidekick, McMahon excelled at helping Carson succeed in the
spotlight. While most entertainers strive for top billing, McMahon was
content with a supporting role.

When the apostle Paul gave instructions about how to exercise our
gifts as members of the body of Christ (Rom. 12:3-8), he affirmed the
value of supporting roles. He began by saying that we should have a
realistic opinion of ourselves (v.3), and he concluded with a call to
genuine, unselfish love: “Be kindly affectionate to one another with
brotherly love, in honor giving preference to one another” (v.10). Or,
as J. B. Phillips translates it, “a willingness to let the other man
have the credit.”

Our gifts and abilities come to us by God’s grace and are to be used
by faith (vv.3,6) in love and service for Christ—not for personal
recognition.

May God grant us the ability to embrace with enthusiasm the supporting
roles to which He calls us. The ultimate goal is His glory and not our
own.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

The church, a living body, containing all the parts— It lives, it
moves, it functions, and touches many hearts; When each part is
committed to do the Savior’s will, His members are united, His purpose
they fulfill. —Fitzhugh

The church works best when we see ourselves as participants, not as
spectators.
