https://odb.org/2019/01/21/creations-song/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Creation’s Song

The heavens declare the glory of God; the skies proclaim the work of
his hands.
Psalm 19:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 19:1–6

Using acoustic astronomy, scientists can observe and listen to the
sounds and pulses of space. They’ve found that stars don’t orbit in
silence in the mysterious night sky, but rather generate music. Like
humpback whale sounds, the resonance of stars exists at wavelengths or
frequencies that may not be heard by the human ear. Yet, the music of
stars and whales and other creatures combine to create a symphony that
proclaims the greatness of God.

Psalm 19:1–4 says, “The heavens declare the glory of God; the skies
proclaim the work of his hands. Day after day they pour forth speech;
night after night they reveal knowledge. They have no speech, they use
no words; no sound is heard from them. Yet their voice goes out into
all the earth, their words to the ends of the world.”

In the New Testament, the apostle Paul reveals that in Jesus “all
things were created: things in heaven and on earth, visible and
invisible . . . all things have been created through him and for him”
(Colossians 1:16). In response, the natural world’s heights and depths
sing to its Maker. May we join creation and sing out the greatness of
the One who “with the breadth of his hand marked off the [vast]
heavens” (Isaiah 40:12).

By:  Remi Oyedele

Reflect & Pray

How great You are, O God! Open my eyes to see You in creation’s
majesty and open my heart to offer the praise You deserve. Welcome to
Remi Oyedele! Meet all our authors at odb.org/all-authors.

Let [us] praise the name of the Lord , for at His command [we] were
created. Psalm 148:5
