https://odb.org/2020/01/17/storm-chasers/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Storm Chasers

He stilled the storm to a whisper; the waves of the sea were hushed.
Psalm 107:29

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 107:23–32

“Chasing tornadoes,” says Warren Faidley, “is often like a giant game
of 3D-chess played out over thousands of square miles.” The
photojournalist and storm-chaser adds: “Being in the right place at
the right time is a symphony of forecasting and navigation while
dodging everything from softball-sized hailstones to dust storms and
slow-moving farm equipment.”

Faidley’s words make my palms sweat and heart beat faster. While
admiring the raw courage and scientific hunger storm chasers display,
I balk at throwing myself into the middle of potentially fatal weather
events.

In my experience, however, I don’t have to chase storms in life—they
seem to be chasing me. That experience is mirrored by Psalm 107 as it
describes sailors trapped in a storm. They were being chased by the
consequences of their wrong choices but the psalmist says, “They cried
out to the Lord in their trouble, and he brought them out of their
distress. He stilled the storm to a whisper; the waves of the sea were
hushed. They were glad when it grew calm” (Psalm 107:28–30).

Whether the storms of life are of our own making or the result of
living in a broken world, our Father is greater. When we are being
chased by storms, He alone is able to calm them—or to calm the storm
within us.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

When facing difficulties, where do you turn for help? How might you
trust your heavenly Father today, who is greater than your storms?

Thank You, Father, that You’re with me in my struggles and Your power
is greater than any storm on my horizon. To learn about why suffering
occurs, visit christianuniversity.org/CA211.
