https://odb.org/2020/05/11/learning-from-little-ones/?utm_source=feedb
urner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bre
ad%29

Learning from Little Ones

From the lips of children and infants you, Lord, have called forth
your praise.
Matthew 21:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 21:8–16

When a friend and I rode into one of the slums in Nairobi, Kenya, our
hearts were deeply humbled by the poverty we witnessed. In that same
setting, however, different emotions—like fresh waters—were stirred in
us as we witnessed young children running and shouting, “Mchungaji,
Mchungaji!” (Swahili for “pastor”). Such was their joy-filled response
upon seeing their spiritual leader in the vehicle with us. With these
tender shouts, the little ones welcomed the one known for his care and
concern for them.

As Jesus arrived in Jerusalem riding on a donkey, joyful children were
among those who celebrated Him. “Blessed is he who comes in the name
of the Lord! . . . Hosanna to the Son of David” (Matthew 21:9, 15).
But praises for Jesus were not the only sounds in the air. One can
imagine the noisiness of scurrying, money-making merchants who were
put to flight by Jesus (vv. 12–13). Furthermore, religious leaders who
had witnessed His kindness in action “were indignant” (vv. 14–15).
They voiced their displeasure with the children’s praises (v. 16) and
thereby exposed the poverty of their own hearts.

We can learn from the faith of children of God of all ages and places
who recognize Jesus as the Savior of the world. He’s the One who hears
our praises and cries, and He cares for and rescues us when we come to
Him with childlike trust.

By:  Arthur Jackson

Reflect & Pray

How have your views of Jesus changed over the years? What things get
in the way of seeing Him as the Son of God who has come to save you?

Jesus, help me to see You for who You are—my Lord and Savior.
