https://odb.org/2019/02/26/working-off-bad-information/?utm_source=fee
dburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+B
read%29

Working off Bad Information

Apply your heart to instruction and your ears to words of knowledge.
Proverbs 23:12

Today's Scripture & Insight: Proverbs 23:9–12

On a recent trip to New York City, my wife and I wanted to brave a
snowy evening and hire a taxi for a three-mile ride from our hotel to
a Cuban restaurant. After entering the details into the taxi service’s
app, I gulped hard when the screen revealed the price for our short
jaunt: $1,547.26. After recovering from the shock, I realized I had
mistakenly requested a ride to our home—several hundred miles away!

If you’re working with the wrong information, you’re going to end up
with disastrous results. Always. This is why Proverbs encourages us to
“apply [our] heart to instruction and [our] ears to words of
knowledge”—God’s wisdom (Proverbs 23:12). If we instead seek advice
from those who are foolish, those who pretend to know more than they
do and who have turned their back on God, we’ll be in trouble. They
“scorn . . . prudent words” and can lead us astray with unhelpful,
misguided, or even deceptive advice (v. 9).

Instead, we can bend our “ears to words of knowledge” (v. 12). We can
open our heart and receive God’s liberating instruction, words of
clarity and hope. When we listen to those who know the deep ways of
God, they help us receive and follow divine wisdom. And God’s wisdom
will never lead us astray but always encourages and leads us toward
life and wholeness.

By:  Winn Collier

Reflect & Pray

God, bend my ears and heart toward wisdom. Help me be open to Your
truth and push away every kind of foolishness.

A fool’s wisdom always leads to a dead end, but God’s wisdom always
opens up new horizons.
