https://odb.org/2018/10/24/impossible-to-hold/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Impossible to Hold

It was impossible for death to keep its hold on [Jesus].
Acts 2:24

Today's Scripture: Acts 2:22–36

Swimming with friends in the Gulf of Mexico, Caitlyn encountered a
shark, which grabbed her legs and pulled at her body. To counter the
attack, Caitlyn punched the shark in the nose. The predator unclenched
its jaws and swam away in defeat. Although its bite caused multiple
wounds, which required over 100 stitches, the shark was unable to keep
Caitlyn in its grasp.

This story reminds me of the fact that Jesus delivered a blow to
death, ending its power to intimidate and defeat His followers.
According to Peter, “It was impossible for death to keep its hold on
[Jesus]” (Acts 2:24).

Peter said these words to a crowd in Jerusalem. Perhaps many of them
had been the ones yelling out, “Crucify him!” to condemn Jesus
(Matthew 27:22). As a result, Roman soldiers fastened Him to a cross
where He hung until they confirmed He was dead. Jesus’s body was
carried to a tomb where it stayed for three days until God resurrected
Him. After His resurrection, Peter and others spoke and ate with Him,
and after forty days they watched Him ascend into heaven (Acts 1:9).

Jesus’s life on Earth ended amidst physical suffering and mental
anguish, yet God’s power defeated the grave. Because of this, death—or
any other struggle—lacks the ability to keep us in its grip forever.
One day all believers will experience everlasting life and wholeness
in God’s presence. Focusing on this future can help us find freedom
today.

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

Dear Jesus, Your victory over death gives me hope! I praise You as the
resurrected One who died so that I could have eternal life.

The grip of the grave is no match for the power of God.
