https://odb.org/2020/03/08/pure-worship/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Pure Worship

My house will be called a house of prayer.
Mark 11:17

Today's Scripture & Insight: Mark 11:15–18

Jose pastored a church known for its programs and theatrical
productions. They were well done, yet he worried the church’s busyness
had slipped into a business. Was the church growing for the right
reasons or because of its activities? Jose wanted to find out, so he
canceled all extra church events for one year. His congregation would
focus on being a living temple where people worshiped God.

Jose’s decision seems extreme, until you notice what Jesus did when He
entered the temple’s outer courts. The holy space that should have
been full of simple prayers had become a flurry of worship business.
“Get your doves here! Lily white, as God requires!” Jesus overturned
the merchant’s tables and stopped those who bought their merchandise.
Furious at what they were doing, He quoted Isaiah 56 and Jeremiah 7: “
‘My house will be called a house of prayer for all nations.’ But you
have made it ‘a den of robbers’” (Mark 11:17). The court of the
gentiles, the place for outsiders to worship God, had been turned into
a mundane marketplace for making money.

There’s nothing wrong with business or staying busy. But that’s not
the point of church. We’re the living temple of God, and our main task
is to worship Jesus. We likely won’t need to flip over any tables as
Jesus did, but He may be calling us to do something equally drastic.

By:  Mike Wittmer

Reflect & Pray

Why do you attend church and meet with believers? What expectations of
yours might you need to let the Spirit change?

Father, show us where our expectations of worship fail to please You.
Help us see that it’s all about You.
