https://odb.org/2019/06/05/finding-treasure/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Finding Treasure

The kingdom of heaven is like treasure hidden in a field.
Matthew 13:44

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 13:44–46

John and Mary were walking their dog on their property when they
stumbled on a rusty can partially unearthed by recent rains. They took
the can home and opened it, discovering a cache of gold coins over a
century old! The couple returned to the spot and located seven more
cans containing 1,427 coins in all. Then they protected their treasure
by reburying it elsewhere.

The cache of coins (valued at $10 million) is called the Saddle Ridge
Hoard, the largest find of its kind in US history. The story is
strikingly reminiscent of a parable Jesus told: “The kingdom of heaven
is like treasure hidden in a field. When a man found it, he hid it
again, and then in his joy went and sold all he had and bought that
field” (Matthew 13:44).

Tales of buried treasure have captured imaginations for centuries,
though such discoveries rarely happen. But Jesus tells of a treasure
accessible to all who confess their sins and receive and follow Him
(John 1:12).

We’ll never come to an end of that treasure. As we leave our old lives
and pursue God and His purposes, we encounter His worth. Through “the
incomparable riches of his grace, expressed in his kindness to us in
Christ Jesus” (Ephesians 2:7), God offers us treasure beyond
imagination—new life as His sons and daughters, new purpose on earth,
and the incomprehensible joy of eternity with Him.

By:  James Banks

Reflect & Pray

How are you treasuring your relationship with God? How can you share
that treasure with others?

You are my greatest treasure, Jesus. I praise You for giving Your life
for me on the cross, so that I could find forgiveness and new life in
You.
