https://odb.org/2020/10/12/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Loving the Stranger

Love them as yourself, for you were foreigners in Egypt.
Leviticus 19:34

Today's Scripture & Insight: Leviticus 19:33–37

When I moved to a new country, one of my first experiences left me
feeling unwelcome. After finding a seat in the little church where my
husband was preaching that day, a gruff older gentleman startled me
when he said, “Move along down.” His wife apologized as she explained
that I was sitting in the pew they always occupied. Years later I
learned that congregations used to rent out pews, which raised money
for the church and also ensured no one could take another person’s
seat. Apparently some of that mentality carried on through the
decades.

Later, I reflected on how God instructed the Israelites to welcome
foreigners, in contrast to cultural practices such as I encountered.
In setting out the laws that would allow His people to flourish,
He reminded them to welcome foreigners because they themselves were
once foreigners (Leviticus 19:34). Not only were they to treat
strangers with kindness (v. 33), but they were also to “love them as
[themselves]” (v. 34). God had rescued them from oppression in Egypt,
giving them a home in a land “flowing with milk and honey” (Exodus
3:17). He expected His people to love others who also made their home
there.

As you encounter strangers in your midst, ask God to reveal any
cultural practices that might keep you from sharing His love
with them.

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

Why is it so important that we welcome people into our homes and
churches? What do you find most challenging and most rewarding in
this?

Father God, You welcome me with open arms, for You love me day after
day. Give me Your love to share with others.
