http://odb.org/2014/10/25/first-response/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

First Response

Be anxious for nothing, but . . . let your requests be made known to
God; and the peace of God . . . will guard your hearts and minds
through Christ Jesus. —
Philippians 4:6-7

Today's Scripture & Insight: James 5:13-16

When my husband, Tom, was rushed to the hospital for emergency
surgery, I began to call family members. My sister and her husband
came right away to be with me, and we prayed as we waited. Tom’s
sister listened to my anxious voice on the phone and immediately said,
“Cindy, can I pray with you?” When my pastor and his wife arrived, he
too prayed for us (James 5:13-16).

Oswald Chambers wrote: “We tend to use prayer as a last resort, but
God wants it to be our first line of defense. We pray when there’s
nothing else we can do, but God wants us to pray before we do anything
at all.”

At its root, prayer is simply a conversation with God, spoken in the
expectation that God hears and answers. Prayer should not be a last
resort. In His Word, God encourages us to engage Him in prayer (Phil.
4:6). We also have His promise that when “two or three are gathered
together” in His name, He will be “there in the midst of them” (Matt.
18:20).

For those who have experienced the power of the Almighty, our first
inclination often will be to cry out to Him. Nineteenth-century pastor
Andrew Murray said: “Prayer opens the way for God Himself to do His
work in us and through us.”

By:  Cindy Hess Kasper

Reflect & Pray

When I come before His presence In the secret place of prayer, Do I
know the wondrous greatness Of His power to meet me there? —Hallen

Pray first!
