http://odb.org/2012/09/02/two-way-communication/

Two-Way Communication

Your testimonies also are my delight and my counselors. —
Psalm 119:24

Today's Scripture: Psalm 119:17-24

Have you ever been stuck in a conversation with someone who talks only
about himself? To be polite, you strike up a dialogue by asking
questions. The other person proceeds to talk endlessly about himself,
and he never once asks you anything. It is all about that person—and
nothing about you.

Imagine what it must be like for our heavenly Father to listen to our
prayers during our devotional time. We may have read a portion of His
Word, but then in prayer we swiftly shift focus exclusively to our
needs. We ask for help in solving a problem, providing for a financial
need, or healing a physical ailment. But the passage we’ve just read
doesn’t even enter into our prayers. What God has just said to us goes
largely unacknowledged.

Apparently the writer of Psalm 119 did not have this perspective.
Instead, he sought God’s help in understanding the Word: “Open my
eyes,” he said, “that I may see wondrous things from Your law” (v.18).
And as he prayed he expressed how he treasured God’s Word, calling it
his “delight” (v.24).

Let’s develop a discipline of praying our response to the Word. It
just might transform our devotional time. Bible reading and prayer
should reflect a two-way communication.

By:  Dennis Fisher

Reflect & Pray

Lord, I’ve just read Your Word to me in Psalm 119. Give me a strong
desire like the psalmist’s to keep Your Word. Show me what I can do to
make it my delight and counselor. Open my eyes and heart to learn from
You.

Listen to God’s Word then pray about what you’ve heard.
