https://odb.org/2020/02/24/no-longer-legion/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Liberated by Jesus

[He] began to tell . . . how much Jesus had done for him.
Mark 5:20

Today's Scripture & Insight: Mark 5:1–20

“I lived with my mother so long that she moved out!” Those were the
words of KC, whose life before sobriety and surrender to Jesus was not
pretty. He candidly admits supporting his drug habit by stealing—even
from loved ones. That life is behind him now and he rehearses this by
noting the years, months, and days he’s been clean. When KC and I
regularly sit down to study God’s Word together, l’m looking at a
changed man.

Mark 5:15 speaks of a former demon-possessed individual who had also
been changed. Prior to his healing, helpless, hopeless, homeless, and
desperate are words that fit the man (vv. 3–5). But all of that
changed after Jesus liberated him (v. 13). But, as with KC, his life
before Jesus was far from normal. His internal turmoil that
he expressed externally is not unlike what people experience today.
Some hurting people dwell in abandoned buildings, vehicles, or other
places; some live in their own homes but are emotionally alone.
Invisible chains shackle hearts and minds to the point that they
distance themselves from others.

In Jesus, we have the One who can be trusted with our pain and the
shame of the past and present. And, as with Legion and KC, He waits
with open arms of mercy for all who run to Him today (v. 19).

By:  Arthur Jackson

Reflect & Pray

How has Jesus changed you? Who do you know that needs to hear about
it?

God, I’m so grateful that, through Jesus, things that controlled me in
the past can indeed remain in the past.
