http://odb.org/2017/02/18/the-lighthouse/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Lighthouse

[The Lord bestows] on them a crown of beauty instead of ashes, the oil
of joy instead of mourning.
Isaiah 61:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 61:1–6

By its very existence, a ministry center in Rwanda called the
“Lighthouse” symbolizes redemption. It sits on land where during the
genocide in 1994 the country’s president owned a grand home. This new
structure, however, has been erected by Christians as a beacon of
light and hope. Housed there is a Bible institute to raise up a new
generation of Christian leaders, along with a hotel, restaurant, and
other services for the community. Out of the ashes has come new
life. Those who built the Lighthouse look to Jesus as their source of
hope and redemption.

When Jesus went to the synagogue in Nazareth on the Sabbath, He read
from the book of Isaiah and announced that He was the Anointed One to
proclaim the Lord’s favor (see Luke 4:14–21). He was the One who came
to bind up the brokenhearted and offer redemption and forgiveness. In
Jesus we see beauty coming from the ashes (Isa. 61:3).

We find the atrocities of the Rwandan genocide, when intertribal
fighting cost more than a half-million lives, mind-boggling and
harrowing, and we hardly know what to say about them. And yet we know
that the Lord can redeem the atrocities—either here on earth or in
heaven. He who bestows the oil of joy instead of mourning gives us
hope even in the midst of the darkest of situations.

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

Lord Jesus Christ, our hearts hurt when we hear about the pain and
suffering that some endure. Have mercy, we pray.

Jesus came to bring us hope in the darkest of circumstances.
