http://odb.org/2011/05/15/strong-words/

Strong Words

Whoever does not practice righteousness is not of God. —
1 John 3:10

Today's Scripture: 1 John 3:10-18

The book titled UnChristian lists reasons why some non-Christians
don’t like people who profess faith in Jesus Christ. Their major
complaints have to do with the way some Christians act toward
unbelievers. The unbelievers in the study tended to view Christians as
being hypocritical, judgmental, harsh, and unloving toward people not
like themselves.

I’m sure you dislike hearing their view of Christians as I do.
Sometimes there’s more truth in their perceptions than we wish there
was. In 1 John 3, which begins with the words, “Behold what manner of
love the Father has bestowed on us, that we should be called children
of God!” (v.1), John introduces a sharp contrast: Believers love
righteousness, keep themselves from sin, and love one another;
nonbelievers practice sin, hate others, and abide in death.

These are strong words! We are either followers of Jesus Christ or of
the devil. We are like Cain or Abel (v.12; Gen. 4:8-15). John says
that love for others is what proves we are genuine children of God
(3:10,18-19; 4:7-8). We can’t continue to practice sin and claim to be
followers of Christ. Let’s always make sure our words and deeds back
up our beliefs.

By:  David C. Egner

Reflect & Pray

O help us, Lord, to live our lives So unsaved people clearly see
Reflections of Your loving heart, Your kindness, and Your purity.
—Sper

Following Christ has two requirements: Believing, and acting like you
do.
