http://odb.org/2016/09/29/within-a-stones-throw/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Within a Stone’s Throw

Let any one of you who is without sin be the first to throw a stone at
her.
John 8:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 7:53–8:11

As a group of religious leaders herded an adulterous woman toward
Jesus, they couldn’t know they were carrying her within a stone’s
throw of grace. Their hope was to discredit Him. If He told them to
let the woman go, they could claim He was breaking Mosaic law. But if
He condemned her to death, the crowds following Him would have
dismissed His words of mercy and grace.

But Jesus turned the tables on the accusers. Scripture says that
rather than answering them directly, He started writing on the ground.
When the leaders continued to question Him, He invited any of them who
had never sinned to throw the first stone, and then He started writing
on the ground again. The next time He looked up, all the accusers were
gone.

Now the only person who could have thrown a stone—the only sinless
one—looked at the woman and gave her mercy. “ ‘Then neither do I
condemn you,’ Jesus declared. ‘Go now and leave your life of sin’ ”
(John 8:11).

Whether today finds you needing forgiveness for judging others or
desiring assurance that no sin is beyond His grace, be encouraged by
this: No one is throwing stones today; go and be changed by God’s
mercy.

By:  Randy Kilgore

Reflect & Pray

Father, cleanse me of my judging nature and free me from the bonds of
sin. Let me taste Your mercy and then help me to live a changed life.
Tell us your story of how the Lord has shown grace to you at
odb.org/story.

We serve a Savior who is eager to forgive.
