https://odb.org/2018/07/26/unselfish-service/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Unselfish Service

If you spend yourselves in behalf of the hungry and satisfy the needs
of the oppressed, then your light will rise in the darkness.
Isaiah 58:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 58:6–12

A small collection of people stood together, dwarfed by the size of
the huge tree lying on the lawn. An elderly woman leaned on her cane
and described watching the previous night’s windstorm as it blew down
“our majestic old elm tree. Worst of all,” she continued, voice
cracking with emotion, “it destroyed our lovely stone wall too. My
husband built that wall when we were first married. He loved that
wall. I loved that wall! Now it’s gone; just like him.”

Next morning, as she peeked out at the tree company workers cleaning
up the downed tree; a big smile spread across her face. In between the
branches she could just make out two adults and the boy who mowed her
lawn carefully measuring and rebuilding her beloved stone wall!

The prophet Isaiah describes the kind of service God favors: acts that
lift the hearts of those around us, like the wall repairers did for
the elderly woman. This passage teaches that God values unselfish
service to others over empty spiritual rituals. In fact, God exercises
a two-way blessing on the selfless service of His children. First, God
uses our willing acts of service to aid the oppressed and needy
(Isaiah 58:7–10). Then God honors those engaged in such service by
building or rebuilding our reputations as powerful positive forces in
His kingdom (vv. 11–12). What service will you offer this day?

By:  Randy Kilgore

Reflect & Pray

Thank You, Father, for the acts of others You use to lift us up, and
for calling us to do the same.

Selfless service to others brings honor to God.
