https://odb.org/2019/03/13/homeless-by-choice/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Homeless by Choice

Because he himself suffered when he was tempted, he is able to help
those who are being tempted.
Hebrews 2:18

Today's Scripture & Insight: Hebrews 2:9–18

Keith Wasserman has chosen to be homeless for a few days every year
since 1989 in order to grow in love and compassion. “I go to live on
the streets to expand my perspective and understanding” of people who
have no homes to live in, says Keith, executive director of Good
Works, Inc.

I’m wondering whether Keith’s approach to become one with those he’s
serving might be a small picture of what Jesus did for us. God
Himself, the Creator of the universe, chose to confine Himself to the
vulnerable state of a baby, to live as a human, to experience what we
all experience, and to ultimately die at the hand of humans so that we
can experience a relationship with God.

The writer of the book of Hebrews stated that Jesus “shared in [our]
humanity so that by his death he might break the power of him who
holds the power of death—that is, the devil” (2:14). Jesus was made
lower than the angels, even though He’s their Creator (v. 9). He
became human and died, even though He’s immortal. And He suffered for
us, even though He’s the all-powerful God. Why would He do this? So
that He could help us when we go through temptations and bring
reconciliation between us and God (vv. 17–18).

May we experience His love today, knowing He understands our humanity
and has already provided the way for us to be cleansed from our sins.

By:  Estera Pirosca Escobar

Reflect & Pray

Have you come to Jesus and experienced His love and forgiveness? If
yes, how does this reality affect your life today? If not, will you
receive Him today?

Jesus, thank You for Your sacrifice.
