http://odb.org/2014/09/12/the-small-giant/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Small Giant

The Lord . . . will deliver me. —
1 Samuel 17:37

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Samuel 17:32-37

The towering enemy strides into the Valley of Elah. He stands 9 feet
tall, and his coat of armor, made of many small bronze plates,
glimmers in the sunlight. The shaft of his spear is wrapped with cords
so it can spin through the air and be thrown with greater distance and
accuracy. Goliath looks invincible.

But David knows better. While Goliath may look like a giant and act
like a giant, in contrast to the living God he is small. David has a
right view of God and therefore a right view of the circumstances. He
sees Goliath as one who is defying the armies of the living God
(1 Sam. 17:26). He confidently appears before Goliath in his
shepherd’s clothes, armed with only his staff, five stones, and a
sling. His confidence is not in what he has but in who is with him
(v.45).

What “Goliath” are you facing right now? It may be an impossible
situation at work, a financial difficulty, or a broken relationship.
With God all things are small in comparison. Nothing is too big for
Him. The words of the hymnwriter Charles Wesley remind us: “Faith,
mighty faith, the promise sees, and looks to that alone; laughs at
impossibilities, and cries it shall be done.” God is able to deliver
you if that’s His desire, and He may do so in ways you don’t expect.

By:  Poh Fang Chia

Reflect & Pray

Not to the strong is the battle, Not to the swift is the race; Yet to
the true and the faithful Victory is promised through grace. —Crosby

Don’t tell God how big your giants are. Tell your giants how big your
God is.
