https://odb.org/2021/05/04/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Fueled by Fire

If we are thrown into the blazing furnace, the God we serve is able to
deliver us . . . . But even if he does not . . . we will not serve
your gods.
Daniel 3:17–18

Today's Scripture & Insight: Daniel 3:13–18, 25–27

When two firefighters, weary and sooty, stopped at a restaurant for
breakfast, the waitress recognized the men from the news and realized
they’d spent the night battling a warehouse fire. To show her
appreciation, she wrote a note on their bill, “Your breakfast is on me
today. Thank you . . . for serving others and for running into the
places everyone else runs away from. . . . Fueled by fire and driven
by courage, what an example you are.”

In the Old Testament, we see an example of courage in the actions of
three young men: Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego (Daniel 3). Instead
of obeying the mandate to bow down to a statue of the Babylonian king,
these young men courageously showed their love for God through their
refusal. Their penalty was to be thrown into a blazing furnace. Yet
the men didn’t back down: “If we are thrown into the blazing furnace,
the God we serve is able to deliver us from it, and he will
deliver us from Your Majesty’s hand. But even if he does not . . . we
will not serve your gods or worship the image of gold” (vv. 17–18).

God did rescue them and even walked with them in the fire (vv. 25–27).
In our fiery trials and troubles today, we too have the assurance that
God is with us. He is able.

By:  Alyson Kieda

Reflect & Pray

When have you felt God’s presence during a difficult trial? What gives
you confidence to press on when challenges come?

Almighty God, thank You for being with me in the fire and for
comforting me with Your presence.
