http://odb.org/2015/03/06/solving-the-mystery/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Solving The Mystery

But God demonstrates His own love toward us, in that while we were
still sinners, Christ died for us. —
Romans 5:8

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 5:1-11

One of the most popular tourist attractions in England is the giant
stone pillars of Stonehenge. These massive pieces of granite are also
a great source of mystery. Every year, people travel to Stonehenge
with questions such as: Why were they erected? Who accomplished this
extraordinary engineering marvel? And perhaps we wonder most of all
how they did it. But visitors leave having received no answers from
the silent stones. The mystery remains.

The Scriptures speak of a greater mystery—the fact that God came to
live among us as a man. Paul wrote in 1 Timothy 3:16, “Great is the
mystery of godliness: God was manifested in the flesh, justified in
the Spirit, seen by angels, preached among the Gentiles, believed on
in the world, received up in glory.”

This brief overview of the life of Christ—the mystery of godliness—is
remarkable. What prompted the Creator of the universe to come and live
and die for His creation, however, is not a mystery. “But God
demonstrates His own love toward us, in that while we were still
sinners, Christ died for us” (Rom. 5:8). God’s great love for us is at
the root of the mystery of godliness, and the cross has made it plain
for all to see.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Lord, we may not understand everything You have done for us, or how
You have done it. But we know You love us and sent Jesus to die for
us, and that is all we need to know.

How Christ became a human being may be a mystery, but God’s love
isn’t.
