https://odb.org/2019/09/09/when-we-know-who-wins/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

When We Know Who Wins

He will wipe every tear from their eyes.
Revelation 21:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: Revelation 21:1–5

My supervisor is a huge fan of a certain college basketball team. This
year, they won the national championship, so another coworker texted
him congratulations. The only problem was my boss hadn’t yet had a
chance to watch the final game! He was frustrated, he said, knowing
the outcome beforehand. But, he admitted, at least when he watched the
game he wasn’t nervous when the score stayed close to the end. He knew
who won!

We never really know what tomorrow will hold. Some days can feel
mundane and tedious, while other days are filled with joy. Still other
times, life can be grueling, agonizing even, for long periods of time.

But despite life’s unpredictable ups and downs, we can still be
securely grounded in God’s peace. Because, like my supervisor, we know
the end of the story. We know who “wins.”

Revelation, the Bible’s final book, lifts the curtain on that
spectacular finale. After the final defeat of death and evil (20:10,
14), John describes a beautiful victory scene (21:1–3) where God makes
His home with His people (v. 3) and wipes “every tear from their eyes”
in a world with “no more death or mourning or crying or pain” (v. 4).

On difficult days, we can cling to this promise. No more loss or
weeping. No more what-ifs or broken hearts. Instead, we’ll spend
eternity together with our Savior. What a glorious celebration that
will be!

By:  Adam R. Holz

Reflect & Pray

How can the hope of heaven give you strength? How might your favorite
“happily ever after” story echo Revelation 21?

One day God will soothe every hurt, heal every wound, and wipe away
every tear.
