http://odb.org/2014/06/20/forgotten-memories/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Forgotten Memories

Bless the Lord, O my soul, and forget not all His benefits. —
Psalm 103:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 103:1-8

Recently, a friend from my youth emailed me a picture of our junior
high track team. The grainy black-and-white snapshot showed a vaguely
familiar group of teens with our two coaches. I was instantly swept
back in time to happy memories of running the mile and the half-mile
in track meets. Yet even as I enjoyed remembering those days, I found
myself thinking about how easily I had forgotten them and moved on to
other things.

As we make our way on the journey of life, it is easy to forget
places, people, and events that have been important to us along the
way. Time passes, yesterday fades, and we become obsessed with the
concerns of the moment. When this happens, we can also forget just how
good God has been to us. Perhaps that is why David remembered as he
wrote, “Bless the Lord, O my soul; and all that is within me, bless
His holy name! Bless the Lord, O my soul, and forget not all His
benefits” (Ps. 103:1-2).

Never is this remembrance more needed than when the heartaches of life
crowd in on us. When we are feeling overwhelmed and forgotten, it’s
important to recall all that He has done for us. In remembering, we
find the encouragement to trust Him in the present and for the future.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

When upon life’s billows you are tempest tossed, When you are
discouraged, thinking all is lost, Count your many blessings, name
them one by one, And it will surprise you what the Lord hath done.
—Oatman

Remembering God’s faithfulness in the past strengthens us for the
future.
