http://odb.org/2014/02/26/the-power-of-love-3/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Power Of Love

In this is love, not that we loved God, but that He loved us and sent
His Son to be the [atoning sacrifice] for our sins. —
1 John 4:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 John 4:7-10

Books on leadership often appear on best-seller lists. Most of them
tell how to become a powerful and effective leader. But Henri Nouwen’s
book In the Name of Jesus: Reflections on Christian Leadership is
written from a different perspective. The former university professor
who spent many years serving in a community of developmentally
disabled adults says: “The question is not: How many people take you
seriously? How much are you going to accomplish? Can you show some
results? But: Are you in love with Jesus? . . . In our world of
loneliness and despair, there is an enormous need for men and women
who know the heart of God, a heart that forgives, that cares, that
reaches out and wants to heal.”

John wrote, “In this the love of God was manifested toward us, that
God has sent His only begotten Son into the world, that we might live
through Him. In this is love, not that we loved God, but that He loved
us and sent His Son to be the [atoning sacrifice] for our sins” (1
John 4:9-10).

“The Christian leader of the future,” writes Nouwen, “is the one who
truly knows the heart of God as it has become flesh . . . in Jesus.”
In Him, we discover and experience God’s unconditional, unlimited
love.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Father, please show the wonder of Your great love through me to others
today so that they might know they need not walk through life alone.
Let my heart personally experience and display Your care.

God’s love in our heart gives us a heart for others.
