https://odb.org/2020/04/21/friends-again/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Friends Again

How much more, having been reconciled, shall we be saved through his
life!
Romans 5:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 5:6–11

A mother and her young daughter are sitting in church one day. During
the service, opportunity is given for people to publicly receive God’s
forgiveness. Every time someone walks forward to do so, the little
girl begins to clap. “I’m so sorry,” the mother later tells the church
leader. “I explained to my daughter that repentance makes us friends
with God again, and she just wanted to cheer for everyone.”

Simplified for a child’s mind, the mother’s words were a good
explanation of the gospel. Once God’s enemies, we have been reconciled
to Him through Christ’s death and resurrection (Romans 5:9–10). Now
we’re indeed God’s friends. Since we were the ones to break the
friendship (v. 8), repentance is our part in completing the
restoration process. And the little girl’s response couldn’t have been
more appropriate. Since all heaven claps when just one person repents
(Luke 15:10), she was unknowingly echoing its applause.

Jesus described His reconciling work in similar terms. “Greater love
has no one than this: to lay down one’s life for one’s friends” (John
15:13). As a result of this sacrificial act of friendship toward us,
we can now be friends with Him. “I no longer call you servants . . . .
Instead, I have called you friends” (15:15).

Once God’s enemies, we are now God’s friends. It’s an overwhelming
thought. And one worth clapping about.

By:  Sheridan Voysey

Reflect & Pray

How often do you describe your relationship with God as one of
friendship? In practical terms, how is your friendship with Him going
today?

God, thank You for loving me when I was still Your enemy. I repent of
everything that disappoints You and celebrate being Your friend.
