https://odb.org/2018/03/17/whispering-words/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Whispering Words

[Build] others up according to their needs.
Ephesians 4:29

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ephesians 4:22–32

The young man fidgeted as he sat down for his flight. His eyes darted
back and forth to the aircraft windows. Then he closed his eyes and
breathed deeply, trying to calm himself—but it didn’t work. As the
plane took off, he slowly rocked back and forth. An older woman across
the aisle from him put her hand on his arm and gently engaged him in
conversation to divert his attention from his stress. “What’s your
name?” “Where are you from?” “We’re going to be okay,” and “You’re
doing well” were a few things she whispered. She could have been
irritated with him or ignored him. But she chose a touch and a few
words. Little things. When they landed three hours later, he said,
“Thank you so much for helping me.”

Such beautiful pictures of tenderheartedness can be hard to find.
Kindness does not come naturally to many of us; our primary concern is
often ourselves. But when the apostle Paul urged, “Be kind and
compassionate to one another” (Ephesians 4:32), he was not saying it
all depends on us. After we’ve been given a new life by our faith in
Jesus, the Spirit begins a transformation. Kindness is the ongoing
work of the Spirit renewing our thoughts and attitudes (v. 23).

The God of compassion is at work in our hearts, allowing us in turn to
touch others’ lives by reaching out and whispering words of
encouragement.

By:  Anne Cetas

Reflect & Pray

Lord, use me today to bring someone hope, a lighter burden,
encouragement.

Compassion is understanding the troubles of others and reaching out.
