https://odb.org/2017/08/08/available-to-all/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Available to All

For even the Son of Man did not come to be served, but to serve, and
to give his life as a ransom for many.
Mark 10:45

Today's Scripture & Insight: Mark 10:42–52

In today’s celebrity-obsessed culture, it isn’t surprising that
entrepreneurs are marketing “celebrities as products . . . allowing
them to sell their personal time and attention.” Vauhini Vara’s
article in The New Yorker noted that for $15,000, you can have a
personal meeting with singer Shakira, while $12,000 will give you and
eleven guests lunch with celebrity chef Michael Chiarello at his
estate.

Many people treated Jesus like a celebrity as they followed Him from
place to place, listened to His teaching, observed His miracles, and
sought healing from His touch. Yet Jesus was never self-important or
aloof, but available to all. When His followers James and John were
privately jockeying for position in His coming kingdom, Jesus reminded
all His disciples, “Whoever wants to become great among you must be
your servant, and whoever wants to be first must be slave of all”
(Mark 10:43–44).

Soon after Jesus said this, He stopped a procession of people
following Him to ask a blind beggar, “What do you want me to do for
you?” (v. 51) “Rabbi, I want to see,” the man replied. He received his
sight immediately and followed Jesus (v. 52).

Our Lord “did not come to be served, but to serve, and to give his
life as a ransom for many” (v. 45). May we, like Him, be compassionate
and available to others today.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Lord Jesus, we honor You as the Son of God and Lord of glory who died
for all. Help us to demonstrate Your love to others today.

Follow Jesus’s example: Reach out to others in need.
