http://odb.org/2014/07/01/who-is-this-man/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Who Is This Man?

Our Lord . . . was . . . declared to be the Son of God . . . by the
resurrection from the dead. —
Romans 1:3-4

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 27:32-44

When Kelly Steinhaus visited Harvard Square to ask college students
what they thought of Jesus, the answers were respectful of Him. One
said He was “a person who took care of people.” Another said, “He
sounds like a cool guy.” Others rejected Him outright: “He was just a
guy. I don’t think He was the Savior.” And “I do not accept any faith
system that says, ‘I am the only way to God.’” Some people
thoughtfully question who Jesus is and some reject Him.

As Jesus faced death 2,000 years ago, many people mocked the idea that
He was anyone special. “They put up over His head the accusation
written against Him: ‘THIS IS JESUS THE KING OF THE JEWS’ ” (Matt.
27:37). Those who said, “You who destroy the temple and build it in
three days, save Yourself!” (v.40) were doubting His power. The
religious people even said, “He saved others; Himself He cannot save”
(v.42).

In His death, Jesus may have seemed powerless. But when we read the
whole story, we see that He gave His life willingly. He proved Himself
to be the Son of God and limitless in power as He burst forth from the
tomb. Grasp the value of His death and behold the power of His
resurrection. He’s the Savior of the world!

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

Up from the grave He arose, With a mighty triumph o’er His foes; He
arose a Victor from the dark domain, And He lives forever with His
saints to reign. —Lowry

Jesus’ resurrection spelled the death of death.
