http://odb.org/2011/09/05/the-goodness-of-work/

The Goodness Of Work

God said, “Let Us make man in Our image, according to Our likeness.” —
Genesis 1:26

Today's Scripture: Genesis 1:26-31

Some Christians grow up believing work is bad—that it’s a curse
brought about by Adam and Eve’s sin. Left uncorrected, this mistaken
belief can cause people to feel that what they do in their jobs every
day isn’t important to God—or at the very least, isn’t as important as
the work of missionaries and pastors. This is not true, as Genesis
1:26-31 teaches us.

First, we learn that God Himself works, as evidenced by the labor
involved in creation and by the fact that He rested on the seventh
day. Then we discover that we were made in His image (v.26) and that
we were granted dominion over creation. This implies that we are to
work to tend creation. Clearly, the tending of God’s creation is
work—noble work, for God looked upon His labors and declared them
“very good” (v.31).

It mustn’t escape our notice either that work was declared good before
sin entered the picture. In other words, work didn’t result from the
fall and therefore is not a curse. We see this idea again in Genesis
2, when God “took the man and put him in the garden of Eden to tend
and keep it” (v.15).

Let’s approach each day’s labor—whether at a job or doing another
activity to help our family—with an awareness of the dignity and
nobility God granted it in creation.

By:  Randy Kilgore

Reflect & Pray

Our daily work is used by God To help us care for daily needs; And
work that’s done as to the Lord Gives witness to our words and deeds.
—D. De Haan

God, give me work till my life shall end— and life till my work is
done.
