https://odb.org/2018/01/12/fitting-in/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_mediu
m=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Fitting In

Then those who feared the Lord talked with each other, and the
Lord listened and heard.
Malachi 3:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: Malachi 3:13–18

Lee is a diligent and reliable bank employee. Yet he often finds
himself sticking out like a sore thumb for living out his faith. This
reveals itself in practical ways, such as when he leaves the break
room during an inappropriate conversation. At a Bible study, he shared
with his friends, “I fear that I’m losing promotion opportunities for
not fitting in.”

Believers during the prophet Malachi’s time faced a similar challenge.
They had returned from exile and the temple had been rebuilt, but
there was skepticism about God’s plan for their future. Some of the
Israelites were saying, “It is futile to serve God. What do we gain by
carrying out his requirements . . . ? But now we call the arrogant
blessed. Certainly evildoers prosper, and even when they put God to
the test, they get away with it” (Malachi 3:14–15).

How can we stand firm for God in a culture that tells us we will lose
out if we don’t blend in? The faithful in Malachi’s time responded to
that challenge by meeting with like-minded believers to encourage each
other. Malachi shares this important detail with us: “The Lord
listened and heard” (v. 16).

God notices and cares for all who fear and honor Him. He doesn’t call
us to “fit in” but to draw closer to Him each day as we encourage each
other. Let’s stay faithful!

By:  Poh Fang Chia

Reflect & Pray

Lord, help us to keep on encouraging one another to stay faithful to
You in this faithless world.

Our faith may be tested so that we may trust God’s faithfulness.
