https://odb.org/2020/07/18/when-the-splendor-is-gone/?utm_source=feedb
urner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bre
ad%29

When the Splendor Is Gone

Because of the Lord’s great love we are not consumed, for his
compassions never fail.
Lamentations 3:22

Today's Scripture & Insight: Lamentations 3:13–24

I can never recapture the splendor that was our daughter Melissa.
Fading from my memory are those wonderful times when we watched her
joyfully playing high school volleyball. And it’s sometimes hard to
remember the shy smile of contentment that crossed her face when we
were doing family activities. Her death at age seventeen dropped a
curtain on the joy of her presence.

In the book of Lamentations, Jeremiah’s words show he understood that
the heart can be punctured. “My splendor is gone,” he said, “and all
that I had hoped from the L ord ” (3:18). His situation was far
different from yours and mine. He had preached God’s judgment, and he
saw Jerusalem defeated. The splendor was gone because he felt defeated
(v. 12), isolated (v. 14), and abandoned by God (vv. 15–20).

But that’s not the end of his story. Light shined through. Jeremiah,
burdened and broken, stammered out “I have hope” (v. 21)—hope that
comes from realizing that “because of the L ord ’s great love we are
not consumed” (v. 22). And here is just what we need to remember when
the splendor is gone: God’s “compassions never fail. They are new
every morning” (vv. 22–23).

Even in our darkest days, God’s great faithfulness shines through.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

How has God encouraged you when you felt hopeless? How might He want
you to use that to encourage others?

Thank You, Father, that You’re the God of compassion. Even while I
walk through the valley of darkness, morning will follow as I remember
Your compassion and Your faithfulness.
