https://odb.org/2021/03/29/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Facing the Battles with God

In the Lord I take refuge.
Psalm 11:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 11

The heroic deeds of US Army soldier Desmond Doss are featured in the
2016 movie Hacksaw Ridge. While Doss’ convictions wouldn’t allow him
to take human life, as an army medic he committed himself to
preserving life even at the risk of his own. The citation read at
Doss’ Medal of Honor ceremony on October 12, 1945, included these
words: “Private First Class Doss refused to seek cover and remained in
the fire-swept area with the many stricken, carrying them one by one
to the edge of the escarpment. . . . He unhesitatingly braved enemy
shelling and small arms fire to assist an artillery officer.”

In Psalm 11, David’s conviction that his refuge was in God compelled
him to resist suggestions to flee rather than face his foes (vv. 2–3).
Six simple words comprised his statement of faith: “In the Lord I take
refuge” (v. 1). That well-rooted conviction would guide his conduct.

David’s words in verses 4–7 amplified God’s greatness. Yes, life can
sometimes be like a battlefield, and hostile fire can send us
scattering for cover when we’re bombarded with health challenges or
financial, relational, and spiritual stresses. So, what should we do?
Acknowledge that God is the king of the universe (v. 4); take delight
in His amazing capacity to judge with precision (vv. 5–6); and rest in
His delight in what’s right, fair, and equitable (v. 7). We can run
swiftly to God for shelter!

By:  Arthur Jackson

Reflect & Pray

When have you experienced life’s hostile fire and been tempted to find
shelter in something other than God? Can you recall times when God
came to your rescue and your hope in Him was renewed?

Father, help me to see You more clearly than any force that opposes me
and run to You for true safety and security.
