http://odb.org/2016/09/08/everything-comes-from-god/?utm_source=feedbu
rner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Brea
d%29

Everything Comes from God

All of it belongs to you.
1 Chronicles 29:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Chronicles 29:14–19

I was 18 years old when I got my first fulltime job, and I learned an
important lesson about the discipline of saving money. I worked and
saved until I had enough money for a year of school. Then my mom had
emergency surgery, and I realized I had the money in the bank to pay
for her operation.

My love for my mother suddenly took precedence over my plans for the
future. These words in the book Passion and Purity by Elisabeth Elliot
took on new meaning: “If we hold tightly to anything given to us,
unwilling to let it go when the time comes to let it go or unwilling
to allow it to be used as the Giver means it to be used, we stunt the
growth of the soul. It is easy to make a mistake here, ‘If God gave it
to me,’ we say, ‘it’s mine. I can do what I want with it.’ No. The
truth is that it is ours to thank Him for and ours to offer back to
Him, . . . ours to let go of.”

I realized that the job I had received and the discipline of saving
were gifts from God! I could give generously to my family because I
was sure God was capable of seeing me through school another way, and
He did.

Today, how might God want us to apply David’s prayer from 1 Chronicles
29:14, “Everything we have has come from you, and we give you only
what you first gave us”? (nlt).

By:  Keila Ochoa

Reflect & Pray

Lord, we know there is nothing that we have that we obtained on our
own. It’s all Yours. Help us to have open hands for You to give and
take as You please. Increase our faith.

Everything belongs to God.
