http://odb.org/2015/06/05/what-we-do/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium
=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

What We Do

One thing I do . . . I press toward the goal for the prize of the
upward call of God in Christ Jesus. —
Philippians 3:13-14

Today's Scripture & Insight: Philippians 3:7-17

When Pulitzer Prize-winning film critic Roger Ebert died, a fellow
journalist wrote of him: “With all his notoriety, honors, and
celebrity, all his exclusive interviews and star-dusted encounters
with movie greats, Ebert never forgot the essence of what we do—review
movies. And he reviewed them with an infectious zeal and probing
intellect” (Dennis King, The Oklahoman).

The apostle Paul never forgot the essence of what God wanted him to be
and do. Focus and enthusiasm were at the heart of his relationship
with Christ. Whether he was reasoning with philosophers in Athens,
experiencing shipwreck in the Mediterranean, or being chained to a
Roman soldier in prison, he focused on his calling to know “Him and
the power of His resurrection, and the fellowship of His sufferings”
and to teach about Him (Phil. 3:10).

While he was in prison, Paul wrote, “I do not count myself to have
apprehended; but one thing I do, forgetting those things which are
behind and reaching forward to those things which are ahead, I press
toward the goal for the prize of the upward call of God in Christ
Jesus” (3:13-14). Whatever his circumstances, Paul continually pressed
forward in his calling as a disciple of Christ.

May we always remember the essence, the heart, of who we are called to
be and what we are called to do as followers of Jesus.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Father, may I be willing to do what I can with all that I have,
wherever I am.

Paul was in earnest over one thing only, and that was his relationship
to Jesus Christ. Oswald Chambers
