https://odb.org/2018/09/02/strength-for-the-journey/?utm_source=feedbu
rner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Brea
d%29

Strength for Your Journey

The Sovereign Lord is my strength; he makes my feet like the feet of a
deer, he enables me to tread on the heights.
Habakkuk 3:19

Today's Scripture & Insight: Habakkuk 3:16–19

Hinds Feet on High Places, a classic allegory of the Christian life,
is based on Habakkuk 3:19. The story follows the character Much-Afraid
as she goes on a journey with the Shepherd. But Much-Afraid is scared
so she asks the Shepherd to carry her.

The Shepherd kindly replies, “I could carry you all the way up to the
High Places myself, instead of leaving you to climb there. But if I
did, you would never be able to develop hinds’ feet, and become my
companion and go where I go.”

Much-Afraid echoes the questions of the Old Testament prophet Habakkuk
(and if I’m honest, my questions too): “Why must I experience
suffering?” “Why is my journey difficult?”

Habakkuk lived in Judah in the late seventh century bc before the
Israelites were taken into exile. The prophet found himself in a
society that overlooked social injustice and was immobilized by the
fear of imminent invasion by the Babylonians (Habakkuk 1:2–11). He
asked the Lord to intervene and remove suffering (1:13). God replied
that He would act justly but in His timing (2:3).

In faith, Habakkuk chose to trust the Lord. Even if the suffering did
not end, the prophet believed that God would continue to be his
strength.

We too can take comfort that the Lord is our strength to help us
endure suffering and will also use the most challenging of life’s
journeys to deepen our fellowship with Christ.

By:  Lisa M. Samra

Reflect & Pray

God, sometimes my suffering seems too much to bear. Help me to trust
You and continue to walk with You on this journey.

We can trust the Lord to be our strength in tough times.
