https://odb.org/2018/05/15/god-at-work-2/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

God at Work

May he work in us what is pleasing to him, through Jesus Christ.
Hebrews 13:21

Today's Scripture & Insight: Hebrews 13:20–21

“How have you seen God at work lately?” I asked some friends. One
replied, “I see Him at work as I read the Scriptures each morning; I
see Him at work as He helps me face each new day; I see Him at work
when I know that He has been with me every step of the way—I realize
how He has helped me to face challenges while giving me joy.” I love
his answer because it reflects how through God’s Word and the
indwelling presence of the Holy Spirit, God stays near to, and works
in, those who love Him.

God working in His followers is a wonderful mystery that the writer to
the Hebrews refers to as he draws his letter to a close in what’s
known as a benediction: “. . . and may he work in us what is pleasing
to him, through Jesus Christ” (Hebrews 13:21). With this conclusion,
the writer reinforces the essential message of his letter—that God
will equip His people to follow Him and that God will work in and
through them for His glory.

The gift of God working in us can take us by surprise; perhaps we
forgive someone who wrongs us or show patience to someone we find
difficult. Our “God of peace” (v. 20) spreads His love and peace in
and through us. How have you seen God at work lately?

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

Lord Jesus Christ, You equip me to do Your works for Your glory. Open
my eyes today, that I might understand how You are calling me to
follow You. Tell us how you have seen God at work.
Facebook.com/ourdailybread.

God works in and through His followers.
