https://odb.org/2020/01/06/mysterious-helpers/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Mysterious Helpers

Do not forget to show hospitality to strangers, for by so doing some
people have shown hospitality to angels without knowing it.
Hebrews 13:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: Hebrews 13:1–3

Louise suffers from muscular dystrophy. While trying to exit a train
station one day, she found herself facing a large flight of stairs
without an elevator or escalator. On the verge of tears, Louise saw a
man suddenly appear, pick up her bag, and gently help her up the
stairs. When she turned to thank him, he was gone.

Michael was late for a meeting. Already stressed from a relationship
breakdown, he started battling London’s traffic only to get a flat
tire. As he stood helplessly in the rain, a man stepped out of the
crowd, opened the boot (trunk), jacked up the car, and changed the
wheel. When Michael turned to thank him, he was gone.

Who were these mysterious helpers? Kind strangers, or something more?

The popular image we have of angels as radiant or winged creatures is
only half true. While some appear this way (Isaiah 6:2; Matthew 28:3),
others come with dusty feet, ready for a meal (Genesis 18:1­–5) and
are easily mistaken for everyday people (Judges 13:16). The writer of
Hebrews says that by showing hospitality to strangers, we can
entertain angels without realizing it (13:2).

We don’t know if Louise and Michael’s helpers were angels. But
according to Scripture, they could have been. Angels are at work right
now, helping God’s people (Hebrews 1:14). And they can appear as
ordinary as a person on the street.

By:  Sheridan Voysey

Reflect & Pray

What do you know about angels? Can you think of an instance when you
may have encountered one without realizing it at the time?

Thank You, God, for the angels You send, meeting us in our time of
need.
