https://odb.org/2018/09/21/the-whisperer/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Unexpected Ways

Anyone who has seen me has seen the Father.
John 14:9

Today's Scripture: 1 Kings 19:1–12

In 1986, five-year-old Levan Merritt fell twenty feet into the gorilla
enclosure of England’s Jersey zoo. As parents and onlookers cried out
for help, a full-grown male silverback, named Jambo, placed himself
between the motionless boy and several other gorillas. Then he began
to gently stroke the child’s back. When Levan began to cry, Jambo led
the other gorillas into their own enclosure as zoo-keepers and an
ambulance driver came to the rescue. More than thirty years later
Levan still talks about Jambo the gentle giant—his guardian angel who
had acted in a shockingly unexpected way, changing his perception of
gorillas forever.

Elijah may have expected God to act in certain ways, but the God of
gods used a rock-shattering wind, a powerful earthquake, and raging
fire to show His prophet how not to think of Him. Then He used a
gentle whisper to show His heart and to express His presence (1 Kings
19:11–12).

Elijah had seen God’s power before (18:38–39). But he didn’t fully
understand the One who wants to be known as more than the greatest and
most fearsome of gods (19:10, 14).

Eventually, that quiet whisper found fullness of meaning in the
powerful gentleness of Jesus, who said, “Anyone who has seen me has
seen the Father” (John 14:9). Then He quietly allowed Himself to be
nailed to a tree—an unexpected, compassionate act by the great God who
loves us.

By:  Mart DeHaan

Reflect & Pray

Father in heaven, please help us to find courage in Your whisper—and
in the ways of Your Son. Have mercy on us for not seeing beyond Your
power to a love we’ve barely begun to know.

God won’t shout if we only need a whisper.
