https://odb.org/2018/10/26/the-great-crescendo/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Great Crescendo

The Father has sent his Son to be the Savior of the world.
1 John 4:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 John 4:14–21

My parents taught me to love all sorts of music—from country to
classical. So my heart beat rapidly as I walked into the Moscow
Conservatory, one of Russia’s great music halls, to hear the Moscow
National Symphony. As the conductor drove the musicians through a
masterful Tchaikovsky piece, themes developed that gradually built to
a powerful crescendo—a profound and dramatic musical climax. It was a
magical moment, and the audience stood to roar its approval.

The Scriptures move toward the most powerful crescendo of history: the
cross and resurrection of Jesus Christ. In the moments following Adam
and Eve’s fall into sin in the garden of Eden, God promised that a
Redeemer would come (Genesis 3:15), and throughout the Old Testament
that theme moved forward. The promise rang out in the Passover lamb
(Exodus 12:21), the hopes of the prophets (1 Peter 1:10), and the
longings of the people of God.

First John 4:14 confirms where that story had been going: “We have
seen and testify that the Father has sent his Son to be the Savior of
the world.” How? God accomplished His promised rescue of His broken
world when Jesus died and rose again to forgive us and restore us to
our Creator. And one day He will come again and restore His whole
creation.

As we remember what God’s Son has done for us, we celebrate the great
crescendo of God’s grace and rescue for us and His world—Jesus!

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Father, Your Son has impacted Your world like nothing else. I’m
grateful He has come for my rescue and will come again to restore Your
world.

Celebrate the gift of Jesus!
