https://odb.org/2017/03/25/not-the-one/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Not the One

Do as you promised, so that it will be established and that your name
will be great forever.
1 Chronicles 17:23–24

Today's Scripture: 1 Chronicles 17:1–4, 16–25

David had drawn up the plans. He designed the furniture. He collected
the materials. He made all the arrangements (see 1 Chron. 28:11–19).
But the first temple built in Jerusalem is known as Solomon’s Temple,
not David’s.

For God had said, “You are not the one” (1 Chron. 17:4). God had
chosen David’s son Solomon to build the temple. David’s response to
this denial was exemplary. He focused on what God would do, instead of
what he himself could not do (vv. 16–25). He maintained a thankful
spirit. He did everything he could and rallied capable men to assist
Solomon in building the temple (see 1 Chron. 22).

Bible commentator J. G. McConville wrote: “Often we may have to accept
that the work which we would dearly like to perform in terms of
Christian service is not that for which we are best equipped, and not
that to which God has in fact called us. It may be, like David’s, a
preparatory work, leading to something more obviously grand.”

David sought God’s glory, not his own. He faithfully did all he could
for God’s temple, laying a solid foundation for the one who would come
after him to complete the work. May we, likewise, accept the tasks God
has chosen for us to do and serve Him with a thankful heart! Our
loving God is doing something “more obviously grand.”

By:  Poh Fang Chia

Reflect & Pray

Father, we want our hopes and dreams and our hearts to align with
Yours. Teach us to praise You when we are tempted to doubt Your
goodness.

God may conceal the purpose of His ways, but His ways are not without
purpose.
