http://odb.org/2015/07/01/raise-your-hand/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Raise Your Hand

God did not send His Son into the world to condemn the world, but that
the world through Him might be saved. —
John 3:17

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 4:7-15,28-30

The St. Olaf Choir from Northfield, Minnesota, is renowned for making
beautiful music. One reason for its excellence is the selection
process. Applicants are chosen based not only on how well they sing
but also on how they sound as part of the whole. Another reason is
that all members agree to make the choir their first priority and
commit to a rigorous rehearsal and performance schedule.

One of the things that intrigues me the most about this choir is what
happens during rehearsals. Whenever members make a mistake, they raise
their hand. Instead of trying to hide the blunder, they call attention
to it! This allows the conductor to help each singer learn the
difficult part, and it increases the likelihood of a flawless
performance.

I think this is the kind of community Jesus was establishing when He
told Nicodemus that God sent His Son into the world to save it, not
condemn it (John 3:17). Shortly after this conversation, Jesus
encountered a Samaritan woman at the public well. He made it easy for
her to admit failure by promising her a better way of life where she
could enjoy His forgiveness (John 4).

As members of Christ’s body on Earth, we should not fear admitting our
wrongs but welcome it as an opportunity to together experience and
rejoice in the forgiveness of God.

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

Lord, it’s our tendency to hide our sins and flaws. May we come to You
in full honesty, understanding that we are loved and forgiven by You.
For further help in understanding the gift of forgiveness, read The
Forgiveness of God at discoveryseries.org/q0602

We can’t put our sins behind us until we are ready to face them.
