https://odb.org/2017/09/07/the-ministry-of-mourning/?utm_source=feedbu
rner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Brea
d%29

The Ministry of Mourning

Godly men buried Stephen and mourned deeply for him.
Acts 8:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: Acts 7:54–8:2

In 2002, a few months after my sister Martha and her husband, Jim,
died in an accident, a friend invited me to a “Growing Through Grief”
workshop at our church. I reluctantly agreed to attend the first
session but had no intention of going back. To my surprise, I
discovered a caring community of people trying to come to grips with a
significant loss in their lives by seeking the help of God and others.
It drew me back week after week as I worked toward acceptance and
peace through the process of sharing our grief together.

Like the sudden loss of a loved one or friend, the death of Stephen, a
dynamic witness for Jesus, brought shock and sorrow to those in the
early church (Acts 7:57–60). In the face of persecution, “Godly men
buried Stephen and mourned deeply for him” (8:2). These men of faith
did two things together: They buried Stephen, an act of finality and
loss. And they mourned deeply for him, a shared expression of their
sorrow.

As followers of Jesus, we need not mourn our losses alone. In
sincerity and love we can reach out to others who are hurting, and in
humility we can accept the concern of those who stand beside us.

As we grieve together, we can grow in understanding and in the peace
that is ours through Jesus Christ, who knows our deepest sorrow.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Father in heaven, help us to “mourn with those who mourn” and grow
together in Your healing love. Read Life After Loss at
discoveryseries.org/cb131.

The ministry of mourning with others helps bring healing to our
hearts.
