http://odb.org/2014/01/31/buyers-remorse/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Buyer’s Remorse

He has clothed me with the garments of salvation, He has covered me
with the robe of righteousness. —
Isaiah 61:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Genesis 3:1-8

Have you ever experienced buyer’s remorse? I have. Just prior to
making a purchase, I feel the surge of excitement that comes with
getting something new. After buying the item, however, a wave of
remorse sometimes crashes over me. Did I really need this? Should I
have spent the money?

In Genesis 3, we find the first record of a buyer’s remorse. The whole
thing began with the crafty serpent and his sales pitch. He persuaded
Eve to doubt God’s Word (v.1). He then capitalized on her uncertainty
by casting doubt on God’s character (vv.4-5). He promised that her
eyes would “be opened” and she would become “like God” (v.5).

So Eve ate. Adam ate. And sin entered the world. But the first man and
woman got more than they bargained for. Their eyes were opened all
right, but they didn’t become like God. In fact, their first act was
to hide from God (vv.7-8).

Sin has dire consequences. It always keeps us from God’s best. But God
in His mercy and grace clothed Adam and Eve in garments made from
animal skins (v.21)—foreshadowing what Jesus Christ would do for us by
dying on the cross for our sins. His blood was shed so that we might
be clothed with His righteousness—with no remorse!

By:  Poh Fang Chia

Reflect & Pray

Then will I set my heart to find Inward adornings of the mind:
Knowledge and virtue, truth and grace, These are the robes of richest
dress. —Watts

The cross, which reveals the righteousness of God, provides that
righteousness for mankind.
