https://odb.org/2020/09/22/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Risky Detour

Preach the word; be prepared in season and out of season.
2 Timothy 4:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Timothy 4:1–5

What a waste of time, thought Harley. Her insurance agent was
insisting they meet again. Harley knew it would be yet another boring
sales pitch, but she decided to make the most of it by looking for an
opportunity to talk about her faith.

Noticing that the agent’s eyebrows were tattooed, she hesitantly asked
why and discovered that the woman did it because she felt it would
bring her luck. Harley’s question was a risky detour from a routine
chat about finances, but it opened the door to a conversation about
luck and faith, which gave her an opportunity to talk about why she
relied on Jesus. That “wasted” hour turned out to be a divine
appointment.

Jesus also took a risky detour. While traveling from Judea to Galilee,
He went out of His way to speak to a Samaritan, something unthinkable
for a Jew. Worse, she was an adulterous woman avoided even by other
Samaritans. Yet He ended up having a conversation that led to the
salvation of many (John 4:1–26, 39–42).

Are you meeting someone you don’t really want to see? Do you keep
bumping into a neighbor you normally avoid? The Bible reminds us to be
always ready—“in season and out of season”—to share the good news (2
Timothy 4:2). Consider taking a “risky detour.” Who knows, God may be
giving you a divine opportunity to talk to someone about Him today!

By:  Leslie Koh

Reflect & Pray

Whom might you meet today? How might there be an opportunity to talk
about Jesus? How can you go out of your way to share the good news in
a bold but loving, sensitive way?

Jesus, teach me to see the doors You’ve opened for me to share Your
love, and give me the courage to tell others about You.
