https://odb.org/2019/03/17/unafraid/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=
feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Standing with Courage

Be strong and courageous. . . . Do not be afraid or terrified.
Deuteronomy 31:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: Deuteronomy 31:1–8

While most German church leaders gave in to Hitler, theologian and
pastor Martin Niemöller was among the brave souls who resisted Nazi
evil. I read a story describing how in the 1970s a group of older
Germans stood outside a large hotel while what appeared to be a
younger man bustled about with the group’s luggage. Someone asked who
the group was. “German pastors,” came the answer. “And the younger
man?” “That’s Martin Niemöller—he’s eighty. But he has stayed young
because he is unafraid.”

Niemöller wasn’t able to resist fear because he possessed some
superhuman antifear gene, but because of God’s grace. In fact, he had
once held anti-Semitic views. But he had repented and God restored him
and helped him speak and live out the truth.

Moses encouraged the Israelites to resist fear and follow God in
truth. When they’d become fearful after learning Moses would soon be
taken from them, the leader had an unflinching word for them: “Be
strong and courageous. Do not be afraid or terrified . . . for the
Lord your God goes with you” (Deuteronomy 31:6). There was no reason
to tremble before an uncertain future because of one reason: God was
with them.

Whatever darkness looms for you, whatever terrors bombard you—God is
with you. By God’s mercy, may you face your fears with the knowledge
that God “will never leave you nor forsake you” (vv. 6, 8).

By:  Winn Collier

Reflect & Pray

What fears are you facing? How does God’s presence bring courage to
your heart?

Living unafraid doesn’t mean that we don’t feel fear but that we don’t
obey it.
