https://odb.org/2018/05/12/taking-time/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Take the Time

Come down immediately. I must stay at your house today.
Luke 19:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 19:1–10

Rima, a Syrian woman who had recently moved to the United States,
tried to explain to her tutor with hand motions and limited English
why she was upset. Tears trickled down her cheeks as she held up a
beautifully arranged platter of fatayer (meat, cheese, and spinach
pies) that she had made. Then she said, “One man,” and made a swishing
sound as she pointed from the door to the living room and then back to
the door. The tutor pieced together that several people from a nearby
church were supposed to visit Rima and her family and bring
some gifts. But only one man had shown up. He had hurried in, dropped
off a box of items, and rushed out. He was busy taking care of a
responsibility, while she and her family were lonely and longed for
community and to share their fatayer with new friends.

Taking time for people is what Jesus was all about. He attended dinner
parties, taught crowds, and took time for interaction with
individuals. He even invited Himself to one man’s house. Zacchaeus, a
tax collector, climbed a tree to see Him, and when Jesus looked up, He
said, “Come down immediately. I must stay at your house today” (Luke
19:1–9). And Zacchaeus’s life was changed forever.

Because of other responsibilities, we won’t always be able to take the
time. But when we do, we have a wonderful privilege of being with
others and watching the Lord work through us.

By:  Anne Cetas

Reflect & Pray

How have others taken time for you? How might you show Jesus’s love to
someone this week?

The best gift you can give to others may be your time.
