http://odb.org/2016/02/25/go-fever/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=f
eed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Go Fever

Be still before the Lord and wait patiently for him.
Psalm 37:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: Numbers 14:39-45

On January 28, 1986, after five weather-related delays, the space
shuttle Challenger lumbered heavenward amid a thunderous overture of
noise and flame. A mere 73 seconds later, system failure tore the
shuttle apart, and all seven crewmembers perished.

The disaster was attributed to an O-ring seal known to have
vulnerabilities. Insiders referred to the fatal mistake as “go
fever”—the tendency to ignore vital precautions in the rush to a grand
goal.

Our ambitious human nature relentlessly tempts us to make ill-advised
choices. Yet we are also prone to a fear that can make us overly
cautious. The ancient Israelites demonstrated both traits. When the 12
scouts returned from spying out the Promised Land, 10 of the 12 saw
only the obstacles (Num. 13:26-33). “We can’t attack those people;
they are stronger than we are,” they said (v. 31). After a fearful
rebellion against the Lord that led to the death of the 10 spies, the
people suddenly developed a case of “go fever.” They said, “Now we are
ready to go up to the land the Lord promised” (14:40). Without God,
the ill-timed invasion failed miserably (vv. 41-45).

When we take our eyes off the Lord, we’ll slide into one of two
extremes. We’ll impatiently rush ahead without Him, or we’ll cower and
complain in fear. Focusing on Him brings courage tempered with His
wisdom.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Before making a quick decision, consider why you want to make it
quickly. Consider if it will honor God and what it might cost others.
If you are afraid to make a decision, think about why that might be.
Most of all, pray!

A moment of patience can prevent a great disaster.
