http://odb.org/2010/05/09/tangible-love/

Tangible Love

When Jesus therefore saw His mother, and the disciple whom He loved
standing by, He said to His mother, “Woman, behold your son!” —
John 19:26

Today's Scripture: John 19:25-30

The Chester Beatty Library in Dublin, Ireland, houses a wonderful
collection of ancient Bible fragments. One very small fragment is a
portion of John 19. This piece of John’s gospel describes the moment,
as Jesus was being crucified, when He spoke to His mother in a display
of love and concern for her. The words are from verse 26, where we
read, “When Jesus therefore saw His mother, and the disciple whom He
loved standing by, He said to His mother, ‘Woman, behold your son!’ ”

As I stared at that ancient fragment, it struck me afresh how tangible
Jesus’ love was for His mother and friend. With clear words He let the
world know of His love and affection by showing His concern that Mary
be cared for by His friend John when He was gone. Hanging on the
cross, Jesus said to John, “‘Behold your mother!’ And from that hour
that disciple took her to his own home” (v.27).

I think that today, on this Mother’s Day, would be a wonderful time to
declare publicly your love for your mom if you still have her—or to
give thanks to the Lord for her if she is no longer with you. Then
show in some tangible ways how much you love her and how much she has
meant to you.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Since this priceless gift God gave us Must from us one day depart,
Lavish her with love and kindness, Real true love, with all your
heart. —Stairs

God bless my mother; all I am or hope to be I owe to her. —Abraham
Lincoln
