https://odb.org/2019/09/23/a-shield-around-me/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Shield Around Me

But you, Lord, are a shield around me, my glory, the One who lifts my
head high.
Psalm 3:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 3

Our church experienced an agonizing loss when Paul, our gifted worship
minister, died at the age of thirty-one in a boating accident. Paul
and his wife, DuRhonda, were no strangers to pain; they had buried
several children who hadn’t made it to term. Now there would be
another grave near the small graves of these little ones. The life-
crushing crisis this family experienced hit those who loved them like
a knockout blow to the head.

David was no stranger to personal and family crises. In Psalm 3, he
found himself overwhelmed because of the rebellion of his son Absalom.
Rather than stay and fight, he chose to flee his home and throne (2
Samuel 15:13–23). Though “many” considered him forsaken by God (Psalm
3:2), David knew better; he saw the Lord as his protector (v. 3), and
he called upon Him accordingly (v. 4). And so did DuRhonda. In the
midst of her grief, when hundreds had gathered to remember her
husband, she raised her soft, tender voice in a song that expressed
confidence in God.

When doctors’ reports are not encouraging, when financial pressures
won’t ease up, when efforts to reconcile relationships fail, when
death has left those we cherish in its wake—may we too be strengthened
to say, “But you, Lord , are a shield around me, my glory, the One who
lifts my head high” (v. 3).

By:  Arthur Jackson

Reflect & Pray

How did you respond the last time you found yourself in an
overwhelming situation? How does knowing God is a shield around you
help?

Heavenly Father, help me to see that though life can be uncomfortable,
I can find comfort in You.
