http://odb.org/2011/04/08/know-your-limits-2/

Know Your Limits

Now the Spirit expressly says that in latter times some will depart
from the faith, giving heed to deceiving spirits and doctrines of
demons, speaking lies in hypocrisy, having their own conscience seared
with a hot iron.  —1 Timothy 4:1-2
1 Timothy 4:1-2

Today's Scripture: 1 Timothy 4:1-5

Dogs are intelligent, but Charles Medley of Rockford, Illinois, had
some doubts about his dog Bullet. Whenever Bullet heard a squirrel, a
rabbit, or a person, he would take off like a shot in the direction of
that sound. It didn’t matter that he was tied up. By the time he
reached the end of his rope, he’d be traveling at maximum velocity,
heading straight for his target. But in an instant, his strong rope
would pull taut and jerk Bullet to a jarring, sprawling halt. That
beagle never learned his limits.

God has built into us a moral tug on the soul whenever we go beyond
what is good for us. It’s called conscience. Unlike Bullet’s rope,
however, it doesn’t stop us from going too far. Furthermore,
conscience can be deadened when we violate it repeatedly, and it can
be programmed with wrong information so that we may feel guilty when
no real guilt exists, or we may be guilty and not feel it.

We must learn the moral limits God places on us for our own good and
then choose to live within them. By reading God’s Word and trusting
His Spirit to teach us, our conscience becomes attuned to God’s
standard of right and wrong. This helps us to know our limits and to
experience the freedom and joy that living within them brings.

By:  Dennis J. DeHaan

Reflect & Pray

My conscience must be well-informed From God's own sacred Word; For
conscience may be much deformed When standards pure are spurned. 
—Fraser

Conscience can be our compass if the Word of God is our chart.
