https://odb.org/2020/12/13/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Christmas Gift of Speech

[Zechariah’s] mouth was opened and his tongue set free, and he began
to speak, praising God.
Luke 1:64

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 1:62–75

A post-surgical stroke had robbed Tom of his ability to speak, and he
faced a long rehab journey. Weeks later, we were pleasantly surprised
when he showed up at our church’s Thanksgiving service. We were even
more surprised when he stood up to speak. Searching for what to say,
he jumbled his words, repeated himself, and confused days and time.
But one thing was clear: he was praising God! It’s possible to have
your heart break and be blessed at the same moment. This was that kind
of moment.

In the “pre-Christmas story” we meet a man who lost the gift of
speech. Gabriel the angel appeared to Zechariah the priest and told
him he would be the father of a great prophet (see Luke 1:11–17).
Zechariah and his wife were elderly, so he doubted it. That’s when
Gabriel told him he would not speak “until the day this happens” (v.
20).

The day did happen. And at the ceremony to name the miracle baby,
Zechariah spoke. With his first words he praised God (v. 64). Then he
said, “Praise be to the Lord, the God of Israel, because he has come
to his people and redeemed them” (v. 68).

Like Zechariah, as soon as he was able, Tom’s response was to praise
God. Their hearts were inclined toward the One who made their tongues
and their minds. Regardless of what faces us this season, we can
respond the same way.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

How do you respond when a crisis comes? What’s your reaction when you
come through it?

Thank You, Father, for the gift of speech. In my times of doubt, be
with me to strengthen my faith. Help me learn how to use language to
draw near to and honor You.
