http://odb.org/2016/11/09/signs-and-feelings/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Signs and Feelings

Your word is a lamp for my feet, a light on my path.
Psalm 119:105

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 16:1–4

A young man I know has a habit of asking God for signs. That’s not
necessarily bad, but his prayers tend to seek confirmation of his
feelings. For instance, he’ll pray, “God, if You want me to do X, then
You please do Y, and I’ll know it’s okay.”

This has created a dilemma. Because of the way he prays and the way he
thinks God is answering, he feels that he should get back with his ex-
girlfriend. Perhaps unsurprisingly, she feels strongly that God
doesn’t want that.

The religious leaders of Jesus’s day demanded a sign from Him to prove
the validity of His claims (Matt. 16:1). They weren’t seeking God’s
guidance; they were challenging His divine authority. Jesus replied,
“A wicked and adulterous generation looks for a sign” (v. 4). The
Lord’s strong response wasn’t a blanket statement to prevent anyone
from seeking God’s guidance. Rather, Jesus was accusing them of
ignoring the clear prophecies in Scripture that indicated He was the
Messiah.

God wants us to seek His guidance in prayer (James 1:5). He also gives
us the guidance of the Spirit (John 14:26) and His Word (Ps. 119:105).
He provides us with mentors and wise leaders. And He’s given us the
example of Jesus Himself.

It’s wise to ask God for clear direction, but He may not always give
it in ways that we expect or want. Perhaps the larger point of prayer
is that we learn more about God’s nature and develop a relationship
with our Father.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Lord, it is impossible for us to comprehend Your nature, and yet You
welcome us to approach You in prayer. And so we seek Your guidance
today and ask to know You in ways we haven’t seen before.

The best way to know God’s will is to say, “I will” to God.
