https://odb.org/2018/09/19/a-fitting-time/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Fitting Time

He has made everything beautiful in its time.
Ecclesiastes 3:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ecclesiastes 3:1–14

Yesterday I purchased an airline ticket to send my firstborn child to
college. I’m surprised the keyboard on my computer still functions,
given the waterworks my eyes unleashed on it during the flight
selection process. I have so enjoyed my eighteen years of daily life
with her that I am saddened by the prospect of her departure. Yet I
wouldn’t rob her of the opportunity that lies ahead simply because
I’ll miss her. At this juncture in her life, it is fitting for her to
embark on a new journey to discover adulthood and explore another part
of the country.

As this season of my parenting draws to a close, another one begins.
It will undoubtedly bring both new challenges and new delights.
Solomon, Israel’s third king, wrote that God appoints “a time for
everything, and a season for every activity under the heavens”
(Ecclesiastes 3:1). We humans have little control over the events of
our lives—whether we view those events as favorable or not. But God,
in His mighty power, makes “everything beautiful in its time” (v. 11).

In seasons of heartache, we can trust God to bring something good from
them in time. Our comforts and joys may come and go, but God’s works
“will endure forever” (v. 14). We may not relish every season—some are
quite painful—yet He can bring beauty to them all.

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

Father, You have permitted this season in my life. Help me to be
content in the midst of it, and to recognize Your power and might are
at work.

God brings beauty from all seasons.
