https://odb.org/2018/04/01/despised-for-all-of-this/?utm_source=feedbu
rner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Brea
d%29

Despised for All of This

He bore the sin of many, and made intercession for the transgressors.
Isaiah 53:12

Today's Scripture: Isaiah 53:3–12

Susannah Cibber gained fame in the eighteenth century for her talent
as a singer. However, she was equally well known for her scandalous
marital problems. That’s why when Handel’s Messiah was first performed
in Dublin in April 1742, many in the audience did not approve of her
role as a featured soloist.

During that inaugural performance, Cibber sang of the Messiah: “He
is despised and rejected of men; a man of sorrows, and acquainted with
grief” (Isaiah 53:3 kjv ). Those words so moved Rev. Patrick Delany
that he jumped to his feet and said, “Woman, for this be all thy sins
forgiven thee!”

The connection between Susannah Cibber and the theme of Handel’s
Messiah is evident. The “man of sorrows”—Jesus the Messiah—was
“despised and rejected” because of sin. The prophet Isaiah said, “My
righteous servant will justify many, and he will bear their
iniquities” (v. 11).

The connection between Messiah and us is no less apparent. Whether we
stand with the judgmental audience members, with Susannah Cibber, or
somewhere in between, we all need to repent and receive God’s
forgiveness. Jesus, by His life, death, and resurrection, restored our
relationship with God our Father.

For this—for all Jesus did—be all our sins forgiven.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Father in heaven, we all stand in need of Your forgiveness. We stand
too in awe of Your Son Jesus, who was despised and rejected for our
sins. Thank You for coming to us in Jesus 2,000 years ago so that we
might know You now.

Alleluia: for the Lord God omnipotent reigneth. Revelation 19:6 kjv
