https://odb.org/2018/02/02/stepping-into-every-opportunity/?utm_source
=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Dai
ly+Bread%29

Stepping Into Opportunity

Be wise in the way you act toward outsiders; make the most of every
opportunity.
Colossians 4:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: Colossians 4:2–6

Like lots of people, I struggle to get enough exercise. So I recently
got something to motivate myself to move: a pedometer that counts
steps. It’s a simple thing. But it’s amazing how much difference this
gadget makes in my motivation. Instead of grumbling when I have to get
off the couch, I see it as an opportunity to get a few more steps.
Mundane tasks, like getting one of my kids a cup of water, become
opportunities that help me work toward a larger goal. In that sense,
my pedometer has changed my perspective and my motivation. Now I look
to get extra steps in whenever possible.

I wonder if our Christian life isn’t a bit like that. There are
opportunities to love and serve and interact with people every day, as
Paul exhorts in Colossians 4:5. But am I always aware of those
moments? Am I paying attention to opportunities to be an encourager in
seemingly mundane interactions? God is at work in the lives of every
person I relate to, from my family and coworkers to a clerk at the
grocery store. Each interaction offers a chance for me to pay
attention to what God might be doing—even if it’s something as
seemingly “small” as kindly asking a server at a restaurant how she’s
doing.

Who knows how God might work in those moments when we’re alert to the
opportunities He sends our way.

By:  Adam R. Holz

Reflect & Pray

Lord, there are so many opportunities to love, listen, and serve those
around us each day. Please help us to become people who notice the
needs of others.

Take every opportunity to serve someone.
