http://odb.org/2016/12/18/who-do-you-say-he-is/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Who Do You Say He Is?

Who do you say I am?
Matthew 16:15

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 16:13–20

In a 1929 Saturday Evening Post interview, Albert Einstein said, “As a
child I received instruction both in the Bible and in the Talmud. I am
a Jew, but I am enthralled by the luminous figure of the Nazarene. . .
. No one can read the Gospels without feeling the actual presence of
Jesus. His personality pulsates in every word. No myth is filled with
such life.”

The New Testament Scriptures give us other examples of Jesus’s
countrymen who sensed there was something special about Him. When
Jesus asked His followers, “Who do people say the Son of Man is?” they
replied that some said He was John the Baptist, others said He was
Elijah, and others thought He was Jeremiah or one of the prophets
(Matt. 16:14). To be named with the great prophets of Israel was
certainly a compliment, but Jesus wasn’t seeking compliments. He was
searching their understanding and looking for faith. So He asked a
second question: “But what about you? . . . Who do you say I am?”
(16:15).

Peter’s declaration fully expressed the truth of Jesus’s identity:
“You are the Messiah, the Son of the living God” (v. 16).

Jesus longs for us to know Him and His rescuing love. This is why each
of us must eventually answer the question, “Who do you say Jesus is?”

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Lord, I long to know You better. Teach me more about Your beautiful
character so that I might grow more in love with You and follow You
with my whole heart. To learn more about who Jesus is, read The
Amazing Names of the Messiah at discoveryseries.org/q0207

The identity of Jesus is the central question of eternity.
