https://odb.org/2019/11/23/the-approval-of-one/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Approval of One

We are not trying to please people but God, who tests our hearts.
1 Thessalonians 2:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Thessalonians 2:1–4

When the legendary composer Giuseppe Verdi (1813–1901) was young, a
hunger for approval drove him toward success. Warren Wiersbe wrote of
him: “When Verdi produced his first opera in Florence, the composer
stood by himself in the shadows and kept his eye on the face of one
man in the audience—the great Rossini. It mattered not to Verdi
whether the people in the hall were cheering him or jeering him; all
he wanted was a smile of approval from the master musician.”

Whose approval do we seek? A parent’s? A boss’s? A love interest’s?
For Paul, there was but one answer. He wrote, “We speak as those
approved by God to be entrusted with the gospel. We are not trying to
please people but God, who tests our hearts” (1 Thessalonians 2:4).

What does it mean to seek God’s approval? At the very least, it
involves two things: turning from the desire for the applause
of others and allowing His Spirit to make us more like Christ—the One
who loved us and gave Himself for us. As we yield to His perfect
purposes in us and through us, we can anticipate a day when we will
experience the smile of His approval—the approval of the One who
matters most.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Whose approval do you find yourself seeking and why is their
validation so important to you? How could God’s approval satisfy even
more deeply?

Father, it’s far too easy to seek the applause of those around me and
to desire their praise. Help me to lift my eyes to You, the One who
knows me best and loves me most. For further study, read Living an
Authentic Christian Life at discoveryseries.org/hp111.
