https://odb.org/2020/05/21/the-knife-angel/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Knife Angel

Nation will not take up sword against nation, nor will they train for
war anymore.
Isaiah 2:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 2:1–4

When knife crime rose across the United Kingdom, the British Ironwork
Centre came up with an idea. Working with local police forces, the
Centre built and placed two hundred deposit boxes around the country
and ran an amnesty campaign. One hundred thousand knives were
anonymously surrendered, some still with blood on their blades. These
were then shipped to artist Alfie Bradley, who blunted them, inscribed
some with the names of young knife-crime victims, plus messages of
regret from ex-offenders. All 100,000 weapons were then welded
together to create the Knife Angel—a twenty-seven-foot-high angelic
sculpture with shimmering steel wings.

When I stood before the Knife Angel, I wondered how many thousands of
wounds had been prevented by its existence. I thought too of Isaiah’s
vision of the new heavens and earth (Isaiah 65:17), a place where
children won’t die young (v. 20) or grow up in crime-breeding poverty
(vv. 22–23), a place where knife crime is no more because all swords
have been reshaped and given more creative purposes (2:4).

That new world isn’t yet here, but we are to pray and serve until its
arrival (Matthew 6:10). In its own way, the Knife Angel gives us a
glimpse of God’s promised future. Swords become plow shares. Weapons
become artworks. What other redemptive projects can we conjure up to
glimpse that future a little more?

By:  Sheridan Voysey

Reflect & Pray

What inspires you to combat evil? How can you work for peace in your
community?

Jesus, we can’t wait until the world is at peace under Your reign.
Move us by Your Spirit to help see Your kingdom come in our
communities.
