https://odb.org/2018/10/02/gods-brand/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_mediu
m=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

God’s Brand

I have taken away your sin, and I will put fine garments on you.
Zechariah 3:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: Zechariah 3:1–7

Scooping up the smallest children, a frantic maid raced out of the
flaming house. As she ran, she called loudly to five-year-old Jacky.

But Jacky didn’t follow. Outside, a bystander reacted quickly,
standing on the shoulders of a friend. Reaching into the upstairs
window, he pulled Jacky to safety—just before the roof caved in.
Little Jacky, said his mother Susanna, was “a brand [stick] plucked
from the burning.” You might know that “brand” as the great traveling
minister John Wesley (1703–1791).

Susanna Wesley was quoting Zechariah, a prophet who provides valuable
insight into God’s character. Relating a vision he had, the prophet
takes us into a courtroom scene where Satan is standing next to Joshua
the high priest (3:1). Satan accuses Joshua, but the Lord rebukes the
devil and says, “Is this not a brand [burning stick] plucked from the
fire?” (v. 2 nkjv ). The Lord tells Joshua, “I have taken away your
sin, and I will put fine garments on you” (v. 4).

Then the Lord gave Joshua this challenge—and an opportunity: “If you
will walk in obedience to me and keep my requirements, then you will
govern my house” (v. 7).

What a picture of the gift we receive from God through our faith in
Jesus! He snatches us from the fire, cleans us up, and works in us as
we follow His Spirit’s leading. You might call us God’s brands plucked
from the fire.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Father, we give You our thanks for rescuing us and making us right
with You. We humbly ask for Your Spirit’s guidance as we serve You
today.

God rescues us because He loves us; then He equips us to share His
love with others.
