http://odb.org/2017/01/18/long-shadows/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Long Shadows

The Lord is good and his love . . . continues through all generations.
Psalm 100:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 100

Several years ago, my wife and I stayed in a rustic bed-and-breakfast
in the remote Yorkshire Dales of England. We were there with four
other couples, all British, whom we had never met before. Sitting in
the living room with our after-dinner coffees, the conversation turned
to occupations with the question “What do you do?” At the time I was
serving as the president of Moody Bible Institute in Chicago, and I
assumed that no one there knew of MBI or its founder, D. L. Moody.
When I mentioned the name of the school, their response was immediate
and surprising. “Of Moody and Sankey . . . that Moody?” Another guest
added, “We have a Sankey hymnal and our family often gathers around
the piano to sing from it.” I was amazed! The evangelist Dwight Moody
and his musician Ira Sankey had held meetings in the British Isles
more than 120 years ago, and their influence was still being felt.

I left the room that night thinking of the ways our lives can cast
long shadows of influence for God—a praying mother’s influence on her
children, an encouraging coworker’s words, the support and challenge
of a teacher or a mentor, the loving but corrective words of a friend.
It’s a high privilege to play a role in the wonderful promise that
“His love . . . continues through all generations” (Ps. 100:5).

By:  Joe Stowell

Reflect & Pray

Lord, help us to remember that while our lives are short, what we do
for You now can have an impact long after we are home with You. Lead
me today to invest in the lives of others.

Only what’s done for Christ will last.
