https://odb.org/2018/04/08/strength-in-suffering/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

Strength in Suffering

Christ suffered for you, leaving you an example, that you should
follow in his steps.
1 Peter 2:21

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Peter 2:11–23

When eighteen-year-old Sammy received Jesus as Savior, his family
rejected him because their tradition was of a different faith. But the
Christian community welcomed him, offering encouragement and financial
resources for his education. Later, when his testimony was published
in a magazine, his persecution intensified.

But Sammy did not stop seeing his family. He visited whenever he could
and talked with his father, even though his siblings cruelly prevented
him from participating in family affairs. When his father fell ill,
Sammy overlooked his family’s slighting and attended to him, praying
his father would get well. When God healed him, the family began to
warm up toward Sammy. Over time, his loving witness softened their
attitude toward him—and some of his family members became willing to
hear about Jesus.

Our decision to follow Christ may cause us difficulties. Peter wrote,
“It is commendable if someone bears up under the pain of unjust
suffering because they are conscious of God” (1 Peter 2:19). When we
undergo discomfort or suffering because of our faith, we do so because
“Christ suffered for [us], leaving [us] an example, that [we] should
follow in his steps” (v. 21).

Even when others hurled insults at Jesus, “he did not retaliate; when
he suffered, he made no threats. Instead, he entrusted himself to him
who judges justly” (v. 23). Jesus is our example in suffering. We can
turn to Him for strength.

By:  Lawrence Darmani

Reflect & Pray

Dear Lord Jesus, help me to follow Your example in my conduct and in
suffering for You.

When we suffer for Jesus, He comes to walk us through it.
