https://odb.org/2020/05/26/sweeter-than-honey/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Sweeter Than Honey

Gracious words are a honeycomb, sweet to the soul and healing to the
bones.
Proverbs 16:24

Today's Scripture & Insight: Proverbs 16:1–2, 21–24

His topic was racial tension. Yet the speaker remained calm and
collected. Standing on stage before a large audience, he spoke
boldly—but with grace, humility, kindness, and even humor. Soon the
tense audience visibly relaxed, laughing along with the speaker about
the dilemma they all faced: how to resolve their hot issue, but cool
down their feelings and words. Yes, how to tackle a sour topic with
sweet grace.

King Solomon advised this same approach for all of us: “Gracious words
are a honeycomb, sweet to the soul and healing to the bones” (Proverbs
16:24). In this way, “The hearts of the wise make . . . their lips
promote instruction” (v. 23).

Why would a powerful king like Solomon devote time to addressing how
we speak? Because words can destroy. During Solomon’s time, kings
relied on messengers for information about their nations, and calm and
reliable messengers were highly valued. They used prudent words and
reasoned tongues, not overreacting or speaking harshly, no matter the
issue.

We all can benefit by gracing our opinions and thoughts with godly and
prudent sweetness. In Solomon’s words, “To humans belong the plans of
the heart, but from the Lord comes the proper answer of the tongue”
(v. 1).

By:  Patricia Raybon

Reflect & Pray

What is your way of speaking when talking about a hot and divisive
topic? When you allow God’s Spirit to sweeten your tongue, what
changes in your words?

Our holy God, when we speak on hard topics, soften our hearts and
words with Your sweet Spirit.
