https://odb.org/2018/07/31/sinners-and-edith/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Sinners Like Us

This man welcomes sinners and eats with them.
Luke 15:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 15:1–7

I have a friend—her name is Edith—who told me about the day she
decided to follow Jesus.

Edith cared nothing for religion. But one Sunday morning she walked
into a church near her apartment looking for something to satisfy her
discontented soul. The text that day was Luke 15:1–2, which the pastor
read from the King James Version: “Then drew near unto him all the
publicans and sinners for to hear him. And the Pharisees and scribes
murmured, saying, This man receiveth sinners, and eateth with them.”

That’s what it said, but this is what Edith heard: “This man receives
sinners and Edith with them.” She sat straight up in her
pew! Eventually she realized her mistake, but the thought that Jesus
welcomed sinners—and that included Edith—stayed with her. That
afternoon she decided to “draw near” to Jesus and listen to Him. She
began to read the Gospels, and soon she decided to put her faith in
Him and follow Him.

The religious folks of Jesus’s day were scandalized by the fact that
He ate and drank with sinful, awful people. Their rules prohibited
them from associating with such folk. Jesus paid no attention to their
made-up rules. He welcomed the down-and-out and gathered them to Him,
no matter how far gone they were.

It’s still true, you know: Jesus receives sinners and (your name).

By:  David H. Roper

Reflect & Pray

Heavenly Father, we can’t thank You enough for the radical love of
Your Son, who drew all of us outcasts and moral failures to Him, and
made the way for us to come to You in joy and boldness.

God pursues us in our restlessness, receives us in our sinfulness,
holds us in our brokenness.  Scotty Smith
