https://odb.org/2020/11/07/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Leave the Results to God

Do not rejoice that the spirits submit to you, but rejoice that your
names are written in heaven.
Luke 10:20

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 10:1, 17–20

Years ago, I was invited to speak to the residents of a university’s
fraternity house. They had a reputation for rowdiness so I brought
along a friend for support. They were in a celebratory mood, having
just won a football championship. At dinner, chaos reigned!
Eventually, the president of the house announced: “There are two guys
here that want to talk about God.”

I rose on rubbery legs and began to tell them of God’s love, and the
room grew still. There was rapt attention. A vigorous and honest Q & A
followed. Later, we started a Bible study there, and in subsequent
years many received salvation in Jesus.

I recall many days like that when I “saw Satan fall like lightning
from heaven” (Luke 10:18), but there were other days when it was I who
fell—flat on my face.

Luke 10 tells of Jesus’ disciples returning from a mission to report
great success. Many had been brought into the kingdom, demons were put
to flight, and people were healed. The disciples were pumped! Jesus
replied, “I saw Satan fall like lightning from heaven.” But then He
issued a caveat: “Do not rejoice that the spirits submit to you, but
rejoice that your names are written in heaven” (v. 20).

We delight in success. But we may despair when we seem to fail. Keep
doing what God has called you to do—and leave the results to Him. He
has your name in His book!

By:  David H. Roper

Reflect & Pray

Picture your name written on God’s heart. How does that encourage you
to carry on when things go well? And when things go wrong?

Thank You, God, when You grant me victory over my enemies, but also
help me to be strong when I fail. I’m grateful to be in Your family.
