http://odb.org/2014/01/27/the-wonder-of-the-cross/?utm_source=feedburn
er&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%
29

The Wonder Of The Cross

[Look] unto Jesus, the author and finisher of our faith, who for the
joy that was set before Him endured the cross. —
Hebrews 12:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: Hebrews 12:1-4

While visiting Australia, I had the opportunity on a particularly
clear night to see the Southern Cross. Located in the Southern
Hemisphere, this constellation is one of the most distinctive.
Mariners and navigators began relying on it as early as the 15th
century for direction and navigation through the seas. Although
relatively small, it is visible throughout most of the year. The
Southern Cross was so vivid on that dark night that even I could pick
it out of the bundle of stars. It was truly a magnificent sight!

The Scriptures tell us of an even more magnificent cross—the cross of
Christ. When we look at the stars, we see the handiwork of the
Creator; but when we look at the cross, we see the Creator dying for
His creation. Hebrews 12:2 calls us to “[look] unto Jesus, the author
and finisher of our faith, who for the joy that was set before Him
endured the cross, despising the shame, and has sat down at the right
hand of the throne of God.”

The wonder of Calvary’s cross is that while we were still in our sins,
our Savior died for us (Rom. 5:8). Those who place their trust in
Christ are now reconciled to God, and He navigates them through life
(2 Cor. 1:8-10).

Christ’s sacrifice on the cross is the greatest of all wonders!

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

When I survey the wondrous cross On which the Prince of glory died, My
richest gain I count but loss, And pour contempt on all my pride.
—Watts

Christ’s cross provides the only safe crossing into eternity.
