https://odb.org/2020/08/15/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Running into Love

I have loved you with an everlasting love.
Jeremiah 31:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: Jeremiah 31:1–9

Nora was tiny, but “Bridget”—the belligerent, six-foot-tall woman
glowering down at her—didn’t intimidate her. Bridget couldn’t even say
why she had stopped at the crisis pregnancy center; she’d already made
up her mind to “get rid of this . . . kid.” So Nora gently asked
questions, and Bridget rudely deflected them with profanity-laced
tirades. Soon Bridget got up to leave, defiantly declaring her intent
to end her pregnancy.

Slipping her small frame between Bridget and the door, Nora asked,
“Before you go, may I give you a hug, and may I pray for you?” No one
had ever hugged her before—not with healthy intentions, anyway.
Suddenly, unexpectedly, the tears came.

Nora beautifully reflects the heart of our God who loved His people
Israel “with an everlasting love” (Jeremiah 31:3). The people had
stumbled into the hard consequences of their persistent violation of
His guidelines. Yet God told them, “I have drawn you with unfailing
kindness. I will build you up again” (vv. 3–4).

Bridget’s history is complex. (Many of us can relate.) Until she ran
into real love that day, her belief had been that God and His
followers would only condemn her. Nora showed her something different:
the God who won’t ignore our sin because He loves us beyond
imagination. He welcomes us with open arms. We don’t have to keep
running.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

What’s your perception of God? How does it line up with the God you
read about in today’s Scripture reading?

Father, I so often take Your incredible love for granted. Forgive me,
and help me to reflect that love to someone today.
