https://odb.org/2020/08/14/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Hope Blossoms

The desert and the parched land will be glad; the wilderness will
rejoice and blossom.
Isaiah 35:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 35:1–4

In the city of Philadelphia, when weedy vacant lots were cleaned up
and brightened with beautiful flowers and trees, nearby residents also
brightened in overall mental health. This proved especially true for
those who struggled economically.

“There’s a growing body of evidence that green space can have an
impact on mental health,” said Dr. Eugenia South, “and that’s
particularly important for people living in poorer neighborhoods.”
South, a faculty member at the University of Pennsylvania’s Perelman
School of Medicine, is coauthor of a study on the subject.

The downtrodden people of Israel and Judah found fresh hope in the
prophet Isaiah’s vision of their beautiful restoration by God. Amid
all the doom and judgment Isaiah foretold, this bright promise
took root: “The desert and the parched land will be glad; the
wilderness will rejoice and blossom. Like the crocus, it will burst
into bloom; it will rejoice greatly and shout for joy” (Isaiah
35:1–2).

No matter our situation today, we too can rejoice in the beautiful
ways our heavenly Father restores us with fresh hope, including
through His creation. When we feel down, reflecting on His glory and
splendor will bolster us. “Strengthen the feeble hands, steady the
knees that give way,” Isaiah encouraged (v. 3).

Can a few flowers rekindle our hope? A prophet said yes. So does our
hope-giving God.

By:  Patricia Raybon

Reflect & Pray

When you feel hopeless, how do you usually respond? How could spending
time outdoors in God’s creation transform your despair to renewed hope
in God?

Dear God, thank You for the splendor of Your creation, pointing me to
Your glory, and reviving my hope in You. For encouragement, read Hope:
Choosing Faith Instead of Fear at discoveryseries.org/q0733.
