https://odb.org/2018/09/17/legacies-of-love/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Legacies of Love

Let your light shine before others, that they may see your good deeds
and glorify your Father in heaven.
Matthew 5:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Timothy 1:1–5

I was paging through my great-grandmother’s Bible when a treasure fell
into my lap. On a small scrap of paper, in a young child’s
handwriting, were the words, “Blessed are the poor in spirit: for
theirs is the kingdom of heaven. Blessed are they that mourn: for they
shall be comforted” (Matthew 5:3–4 kjv ). Scribbled beside those
verses in wobbly cursive was my mother’s signature.

My great-grandmother had a habit of teaching her grandchildren to
write out Scripture verses so they would learn them and take them to
heart. But the story behind this verse brought tears to my eyes. My
grandfather died when my mother was very young, and her little brother
(my uncle) died just weeks later. It was in that tragic season that my
great-grandmother pointed my mother to Jesus and the comfort only He
can give.

Paul wrote Timothy, “I am reminded of your sincere faith, which first
lived in your grandmother Lois and in your mother Eunice and, I am
persuaded, now lives in you also” (2 Timothy 1:5). Faith isn’t
inherited, but it is shared. Timothy’s mother and grandmother shared
their faith with him, and he believed.

When we encourage those close to us to have hope in Jesus, we offer
them a legacy of love. Through a simple note, my mother left evidence
of my great-grandmother’s love for her Savior and her family. Oh, to
share Him with those who come after us!

By:  James Banks

Reflect & Pray

Thank You for those who shared Your love with me, Father. Please help
me to point others to Your salvation today.

When we share our faith, we share the greatest treasure of all.
