https://odb.org/2017/08/29/overflowing-fruit/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Overflowing Fruit

I chose you and appointed you so that you might go and bear
fruit—fruit that will last.
John 15:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: Galatians 5:16–25

During the spring and summer, I admire the fruit growing in our
neighbor’s yard. Their cultivated vines climb a shared fence to
produce large bunches of grapes. Branches dotted with purple plums and
plump oranges dangle just within our reach.

Although we don’t till the soil, plant the seeds, or water and weed
the garden, the couple next door shares their bounty with us. They
take responsibility for nurturing their crops and allow us to delight
in a portion of their harvest.

The produce from the trees and vines on the other side of our fence
reminds me of another harvest that benefits me and the people God
places in my life. That harvest is the fruit of the Spirit.

Christ-followers are commissioned to claim the benefits of living by
the power of the Holy Spirit (Gal. 5:16–21). As God’s seeds of truth
flourish in our hearts, the Spirit produces an increase in our ability
to express “love, joy, peace, forbearance, kindness, goodness,
faithfulness, gentleness and self-control” (vv. 22–23).

Once we surrender our lives to Jesus, we no longer have to be
controlled by our self-centered inclinations (v. 24). Over time, the
Holy Spirit can change our thinking, our attitudes, and our actions.
As we grow and mature in Christ, we can have the added joy of
loving our neighbors by sharing the benefits of His generous harvest.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

Lord, please cultivate the fruit of the Spirit in our hearts and minds
so our neighbors can enjoy Your sweet fragrance in and through our
lives.

The fruit of the Spirit changes us so we can impact the lives of those
around us.
