http://odb.org/2014/06/06/d-day/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed
&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

D-Day

Choose for yourselves this day whom you will serve . . . . But as for
me and my house, we will serve the Lord. —
Joshua 24:15

Today's Scripture & Insight: Joshua 24:2,13-18

Recently I asked my older sister, Mary Ann, if she remembered when our
family moved into the house where we lived for many years. She
replied, “You were about 9 months old, and I remember that Mother and
Daddy stayed up all night packing boxes and listening to the radio. It
was June 6, 1944, and they were listening to live coverage of the
Normandy Invasion.”

Today marks the 70th anniversary of what has become known as D-Day—a
military term for the day on which a planned operation will begin.
Over the years, D-Day has also come to mean a moment of decision or
commitment in our personal lives.

At one point in ancient Israel, their leader Joshua, now an old man,
challenged the people to another kind of D-Day. After years of
struggle to possess their inheritance in the land God had promised
them, Joshua urged them to faithfully serve the One who had been so
faithful to them (Josh. 24). “Choose for yourselves this day whom you
will serve,” he said. “But as for me and my house, we will serve the
Lord” (v.15).

The day we decide to follow the Savior is the greatest turning point
in our life. And each day after, we can joyfully renew our commitment
to serve Him.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Lord, what a privilege it is to say “yes” to You each day. Thank You
for loving me and forgiving me. Guide me in all my choices today and
help me to serve You faithfully.

Life’s biggest decision is what you do with Jesus.
