https://odb.org/2020/11/17/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

If Only We Could . . .

The Lord is the strength of his people.
Psalm 28:8

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 28

The weeping Alaskan cedar tree whipped from side to side in the
storm’s strong winds. Regie loved the tree that had not only provided
shelter from the summer sun but also given her family privacy. Now the
fierce storm was tearing the roots from the ground. Quickly, Regie,
with her fifteen-year-old son in tow, ran to try to rescue the tree.
With her hands and ninety-pound frame firmly planted against it, she
and her son tried to keep it from falling over. But they weren’t
strong enough.

God was King David’s strength when he called out to Him in another
kind of storm (Psalm 28:8). Some commentators say he wrote this during
a time when his world was falling apart. His own son rose in rebellion
against him and tried to take the throne (2 Samuel 15). He felt so
vulnerable and weak that he feared God might remain silent, and he
would die (Psalm 28:1). “Hear my cry for mercy as I call to you for
help,” he said to God (v. 2). God gave David strength to go on, even
though his relationship with his son never mended.

How we long to prevent bad things from happening! If only we could.
But in our weakness, God promises we can always call to Him to be our
Rock (vv. 1–2). When we don’t have the strength, He’s our shepherd and
will carry us forever (vv. 8–9).

By:  Anne Cetas

Reflect & Pray

When have you felt vulnerable and unable to fix a situation? How did
you see God come through for you?

It seems there’s always something for which I need extra strength from
You, O God. Help me to remember that without You I can do nothing.
