https://odb.org/2019/03/14/life-beyond-compare/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Life Beyond Compare

She conceived again, and when she gave birth to a son she said, “This
time I will praise the Lord.”
Genesis 29:35

Today's Scripture & Insight: Genesis 29:31–35

In a TV program, young adults posed as high school students to better
understand the lives of teenagers. They discovered that social media
plays a central role in how teens measure their self-worth. One
participant observed, “[The students’] self-value is attached to
social media—it’s dependent on how many ‘likes’ they get on a photo.”
This need for acceptance by others can drive young people to extreme
behavior online.

The longing for being accepted by others has always been there. In
Genesis 29, Leah understandably yearns for the love of her husband
Jacob. It’s reflected in the names of her first three sons—all
capturing her loneliness (vv. 31–34). But, sadly, there’s no
indication that Jacob ever gave her the acceptance she craved.

With the birth of her fourth child, Leah turned to God instead of her
husband, naming her fourth son Judah, which means, “praise” (v.
35). Leah, it seems, finally chose to find her significance in God.
She became part of God’s salvation story: Judah was the ancestor of
King David and, later, Jesus.

We can try to find our significance in many ways and things, but only
in Jesus do we find our identity as children of God, co-heirs with
Christ, and those who will dwell eternally with our heavenly Father.
As Paul wrote, nothing in this world compares with the “surpassing
worth of knowing Christ” (Philippians 3:8).

By:  Peter W. Chin

Reflect & Pray

In what or whom have you been striving to gain your value and
acceptance? How does faith in Jesus open the door to your true
identity?

Heavenly Father, help me find my value in You and not in others. It’s
in You that I find my true identity and life that’s beyond compare!
