http://odb.org/2014/04/21/victory-over-death/

Victory Over Death!

The hour is coming in which all who are in the graves will hear His
voice and come forth. —
John 5:28-29

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 5:24-30

An ancient painting I saw recently made a deep impression on me. Its
title, Anastasis, means “resurrection,” and it depicts the triumph of
Christ’s victory over death in a stunning way. The Lord Jesus, newly
emerged from the tomb, is pulling Adam and Eve out of their coffins to
eternal life. What is so amazing about this artwork is the way it
shows how spiritual and physical death, the result of the fall, were
dramatically reversed by the risen Christ.

Prior to His death on the cross, the Lord Jesus predicted a future day
when He will call believers into a new and glorified existence: “The
hour is coming in which all who are in the graves will hear His voice
and come forth” (John 5:28-29).

Because of Christ’s victory over death, the grave is not final. We
naturally will feel sorrow and grief when those we love die and we are
separated from them in this life. But the believer does not grieve as
one who has no hope (1 Thess. 4:13). The witness of Jesus’
resurrection is that all Christians will one day be taken from their
graves to be clothed with glorified resurrection bodies (1 Cor.
15:42-44). And so “we shall always be with the Lord” (1 Thess. 4:17).

By:  Dennis Fisher

Reflect & Pray

Dear Lord, thank You for sacrificing Your life for our sins so that we
might live. We’re thankful that because You died and rose again, we
can have assurance that one day we’ll be with You in a place of no
more death.

Because Christ is alive, we too shall live.
