https://odb.org/2019/07/20/hands-on-learning/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Hands-On Learning

Imitate me, as I imitate Christ.
1 Corinthians 11:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: Titus 2:1–8

My six-year-old son, Owen, was thrilled to receive a new board game.
But after a half hour reading the rules, he was frustrated. He
couldn’t quite figure out how it worked. It wasn’t until later, when a
friend came over who already knew how to play, that Owen finally got
to enjoy his present.

Watching them play, I was reminded of how much easier it is to learn
something new if you have an experienced teacher. When we’re learning,
reading the instructions helps, but having a friend who can
demonstrate makes a huge difference.

The apostle Paul understood this too. Writing to Titus about how he
could help his church grow in faith, Paul emphasized the value of
experienced believers who could model Christian faith. Of course
teaching “sound doctrine” was important, but it didn’t just need to be
talked about—it needed to be lived out. Paul wrote that older men and
women ought to be self-controlled, kind, and loving (Titus 2:2–5). “In
everything,” he said, “set them an example by doing what is good” (v.
7).

I’m thankful for solid teaching, but I’m also thankful for the many
people who have been hands-on teachers. They’ve shown me by their
lives what it looks like to be a disciple of Christ and have made it
easier for me to see how I can walk that path too.

By:  Amy Peterson

Reflect & Pray

What lessons have you learned from those who have taught you about
living for Jesus by their words and actions? What are others seeing as
they view your faith in action?

God, thank You for graciously giving us mentors who can show us by
example how to live for You, and thank You for giving us Your Son, the
only perfect model of faith. For further study, see
christianuniversity.org/HR202 .
