https://odb.org/2020/03/05/plans-disrupted/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Plans Disrupted

Many are the plans in a person’s heart, but it is the Lord's purpose
that prevails.
Proverbs 19:21

Today's Scripture & Insight: Acts 16:6–10

Jane’s plans to become a speech therapist ended when an internship
revealed the job was too emotionally challenging for her. Then she was
given the opportunity to write for a magazine. She’d never seen
herself as an author, but years later she found herself advocating for
needy families through her writing. “Looking back, I can see why God
changed my plans,” she says. “He had a bigger plan for me.”

The Bible has many stories of disrupted plans. On his second
missionary journey, Paul had sought to bring the gospel into Bithynia,
but the Spirit of Jesus stopped him (Acts 16:6–7). This must have
seemed mystifying: Why was Jesus disrupting plans that were in line
with a God-given mission? The answer came in a dream one night:
Macedonia needed him even more. There, Paul would plant the first
church in Europe. Solomon also observed, “Many are the plans in a
person’s heart, but it is the Lord ’s purpose that prevails” (Proverbs
19:21).

It’s sensible to make plans. A well-known adage goes, “Fail to plan,
and you plan to fail.” But God may disrupt our plans with His own. Our
challenge is to listen and obey, knowing we can trust God. If we
submit to His will, we’ll find ourselves fitting into His purpose for
our lives.

As we continue to make plans, we can add a new twist: Plan to listen.
Listen to God’s plan.

By:  Leslie Koh

Reflect & Pray

How can you submit your plans to God today? How can you listen to His
plans?

All-knowing God, give me the faith to listen to You when my plans are
disrupted, knowing that You have a greater purpose for my life.
