https://odb.org/2020/01/10/here-be-dragons/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Here Be Dragons?

The Spirit God gave us does not make us timid, but gives us power,
love and self-discipline.
2 Timothy 1:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Timothy 1:6–14

Legend has it that at the edges of medieval maps, marking the
boundaries of the world the maps’ creators knew at the time, there’d
be inscribed the words “Here be dragons”—often alongside vivid
illustrations of the terrifying beasts supposedly lurking there.

There’s not much evidence medieval cartographers actually wrote these
words, but I like to think they could have. Maybe because “here be
dragons” sounds like something I might’ve written at the time—a grim
warning that even if I didn’t know exactly what would happen if I
ventured into the great unknown, it likely wouldn’t be good!

But there’s one glaring problem with my preferred policy of self-
protection and risk-aversion: it’s the opposite of the courage to
which I’m called as a believer in Jesus (2 Timothy 1:7).

One might even say I’m misguided about what’s really dangerous. As
Paul explained, in a broken world bravely following Christ will
sometimes be painful (v. 8). But as those brought from death to life
and entrusted with the Spirit’s life flowing in and through us (vv.
9–10,14), how could we not?

When God gives us a gift this staggering, to fearfully shrink back
would be the real tragedy—far worse than anything we might face when
we follow Christ’s leading into uncharted territory (vv. 6–8, 12). He
can be trusted with our hearts and our future (v. 12).

By:  Monica La Rose

Reflect & Pray

Is there a particularly debilitating fear God may be calling you to
confront? How might the support and love of other believers encourage
you as you walk through your fears?

Loving God, thank You for the new life You’ve given us, for freedom
from all that would cripple us in fear and shame. Help us to find
peace in You. For further study, read Hope: Choosing Faith Instead of
Fear at discoveryseries.org/q0733.
