http://odb.org/2012/06/18/hidden-away/

Hidden Away

Your Word I have hidden in my heart, that I might not sin against You.
—
Psalm 119:11

Today's Scripture: Psalm 119:9-16

By the time I was born, my great- grandfather, Abram Z. Hess, had
already lost his sight. He was known for the beautiful wooden objects
he had carved on a lathe—and also as someone who could quote many
verses of Scripture. He and his friend Eli would often share Scripture
verses back and forth. A bit of a competitive spirit resulted in their
admission that Eli could cite more references while my grandfather
could recite more verses.

Today, the family often remembers Abram as “Blind Grandpa.” His
practice of memorizing Scripture became a lifeline for him when he
lost his physical sight. But why is it important that we memorize the
Word of God?

Psalm 119 gives us instruction on how to follow God by hiding His Word
in our hearts. First, in this way, we arm ourselves when temptation
comes (v.11; Eph. 6:17). Then, as we meditate on His Word, we come to
know Him better. Finally, when we have His words etched in our minds,
we are better able to hear His voice when He instructs and guides us.
We use those phrases of Scripture as we talk with Him, worship Him,
and teach or witness to others (Col. 3:16).

The Word of God is “living and powerful” (Heb. 4:12). Hide its
precious words away “in [your] heart” (Ps. 119:11)where they will
always be with you.

By:  Cindy Hess Kasper

Reflect & Pray

Lord, Your Word is a treasure—priceless and beyond compare. I’m not
the best at memorizing but I do want Your words to saturate my mind
and heart. Please use Your Word in obvious ways in my life today.

When God’s Word is hidden in our heart, His ways will become our ways.
