http://odb.org/2016/01/08/the-best-kind-of-happiness/?utm_source=feedb
urner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bre
ad%29

The Best Kind of Happiness

If you hold to my teaching, you are really my disciples. Then you will
know the truth, and the truth will set you free.
John 8:31-32

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 8:31-38

“Everybody’s doing it” seemed like a winning argument when I was
young. But my parents never gave in to such pleas no matter how
desperate I was to get permission to do something they believed was
unsafe or unwise.

As we get older we add excuses and rationalizations to our repertoire
of arguments for having our own way: “No one will get hurt.” “It’s not
illegal.” “He did it to me first.” “She won’t find out.” Behind each
argument is the belief that what we want is more important than
anything else.

Eventually, this faulty way of thinking becomes the basis for our
beliefs about God. One of the lies we sometimes choose to believe is
that we, not God, are the center of the universe. We think we will be
carefree and happy only when we reorder the world according to our
desires. This lie is convincing because it promises an easier,
speedier way to get what we want. It argues, “God is love, so He wants
me to do whatever will make me happy.” But this way of thinking leads
to heartache, not happiness.

Jesus told those who believed in Him that the truth would make them
truly free (John 8:31-32). But He also warned, “Everyone who sins is a
slave to sin” (v. 34).

The best kind of happiness comes from the freedom we find when we
accept the truth that Jesus is the way to a full and satisfying life.

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

Lord, we confess our tendency to rationalize everything to get what we
think we want. Guide us today so that we choose to obey Your commands
instead of pursuing our own desires.

There are no shortcuts to true happiness.
