http://odb.org/2015/05/27/marked-by-his-name/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Marked By His Name

The disciples were first called Christians in Antioch. —
Acts 11:26

Today's Scripture & Insight: Acts 11:19-26

In July 1860, the world’s first nursing school opened at St. Thomas
Hospital in London. Today that school is part of the King’s College,
where nursing students are called Nightingales. The school—like modern
nursing itself—was established by Florence Nightingale, who
revolutionized nursing during the Crimean War. When prospective nurses
complete their training, they take the “Nightingale Pledge,” a
reflection of her ongoing impact on nursing.

Many people, like Florence Nightingale, have had a significant impact
on our world. But no one has had a greater effect than Jesus, whose
birth, death, and resurrection have been transforming lives for 2,000
years.

Around the world, Christ’s name marks those who are His followers,
going back to the earliest days of the church. “When [Barnabas] had
found [Saul], he brought him to Antioch. So it was that for a whole
year they assembled with the church and taught a great many people.
And the disciples were first called Christians in Antioch” (Acts
11:26).

Those who bear Christ’s name identify with Him because we have been
changed by His love and grace. We declare to the world that He has
made an eternal difference in our lives and we long for that in the
hearts of others too.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Father, give me the grace and wisdom to honor You. May my life be so
marked by the person of Christ that His great name—and salvation—will
be embraced by others as well.

Followers of Christ—Christians—are marked by His name.
