https://odb.org/2018/01/11/whats-inside-2/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

What’s Inside?

But we have this treasure in jars of clay to show that this all-
surpassing power is from God and not from us.
2 Corinthians 4:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Corinthians 4:7–18

“Do you want to see what’s inside?” my friend asked. I had just
complimented her on the old-fashioned rag doll her daughter held in
her small arms. Instantly curious, I replied that yes, I very much
wanted to see what was inside. She turned the doll face down and
pulled open a discreet zipper sewn into its back. From within the
cloth body, Emily gently removed a treasure: the rag doll she’d held
and loved throughout the years of her own childhood more than two
decades prior. The “outer” doll was merely a shell without this inner
core to give it strength and form.

Paul describes the truth of Jesus’s life, death, and resurrection as a
treasure, carried about in the frail humanity of God’s people. That
treasure enables those who trust in Him to bear up under unthinkable
adversity and continue in their service. When they do, His light—His
life—shines brightly through the “cracks” of their humanness. Paul
encourages us all not to “lose heart” (2 Corinthians 4:16) because God
strengthens us to do His work.

Like the “inner” doll, the gospel-treasure within us lends both
purpose and fortitude to our lives. When God’s strength shines through
us, it invites others to ask, “What’s inside?” We can then unzip our
hearts and reveal the life-giving promise of salvation in Christ.

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

Thank You, Lord, for saving me. Please shine Your light brightly
through my broken life so others will be invited to know You too.

The gospel of truth shines through the brokenness of God’s people.
