https://odb.org/2019/03/31/the-greatest-gift-2/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Greatest Gift

We have found . . . Jesus of Nazareth, the son of Joseph.
John 1:45

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 1:43–51

Over the years, my friend Barbara has given me countless encouraging
cards and thoughtful presents. After I told her I’d received Jesus as
my Savior, she handed me the greatest gift she’d ever given me—my
first Bible. She said, “You can grow closer to God and mature
spiritually by meeting with Him daily, reading Scripture, praying, and
trusting and obeying Him.” My life changed when Barbara invited me to
get to know God better.

Barbara reminds me of the apostle Philip. After Jesus invited Philip
to follow Him (John 1:43), the apostle immediately told his friend
Nathanael that Jesus was “the one Moses wrote about in the Law, and
about whom the prophets also wrote” (v. 45). When Nathanael doubted,
Philip didn’t argue, criticize, or give up on his friend. He simply
invited him to meet Jesus face to face. “Come and see,” he said (v.
46).

I can imagine Philip’s joy when he heard Nathanael declare Jesus as
“the Son of God” and “the king of Israel” (v. 49). What a blessing to
know his friend wouldn’t miss out on seeing the “greater things” Jesus
promised they’d witness (vv. 50–51).

The Holy Spirit initiates our intimate relationship with God and then
lives in all who respond in faith. He enables us to know Him
personally and to invite others to encounter Him daily through His
Spirit and the Scriptures. An invitation to know Jesus better is a
great gift to receive and give.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

To whom will you extend an invitation to know Jesus better? How has He
worked through others to grow your faith?

Knowing Jesus is the greatest gift we can receive; sharing Him is the
greatest gift we can give.
