http://odb.org/2016/05/07/the-promised-spirit/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Promised Spirit

“Let me inherit a double portion of your spirit,” Elisha replied.
2 Kings 2:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Kings 2:5-12

Tenacity and audacity—Elisha had heaps of both. Having spent time with
Elijah, he witnessed the Lord working through the prophet by
performing miracles and by speaking truth in an age of lies. Second
Kings 2:1 tells us that Elijah is about to be taken “up to heaven,”
and Elisha doesn’t want him to leave.

The time came for the dreaded separation, and Elisha knew he needed
what Elijah had if he was going to successfully continue the ministry.
So he made a daring demand: “Let me inherit a double portion of your
spirit” (2 Kings 2:9). His bold request was a reference to the double
portion given the firstborn son or heir under the law (Deut. 21:17).
Elisha wanted to be recognized as the heir of Elijah. And God said
yes.

Recently one of my mentors—a woman who spread the good news of
Jesus—died. Having battled ill health for years, she was ready to
enjoy her eternal feast with the Lord. Those of us who loved her were
grateful at the thought of her newfound freedom from pain and that she
could enjoy God’s presence, but we grieved the loss of her love and
example. Despite her departure, she did not leave us alone. We too had
God’s presence.

Elisha gained a double portion of Elijah’s spirit—a tremendous
privilege and blessing. We who live after the life, death, and
resurrection of Jesus have the promised Holy Spirit. The triune God
makes His home with us!  Amy Boucher Pye

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

Dear Lord, we want to be more like You. Help us to be witnesses of
Your Spirit within us.

When Jesus ascended to His Father, He sent His Spirit.
