http://odb.org/2014/10/09/what-do-you-expect-2/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

What Do You Expect?

In the world you will have tribulation; but be of good cheer, I have
overcome the world. —
John 16:33

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 16:25-33

In C. S. Lewis’ book God in the Dock, he wrote: “Imagine a set of
people all living in the same building. Half of them think it is a
hotel, the other half think it is a prison. Those who think it a hotel
might regard it as quite intolerable, and those who thought it was a
prison might decide that it was really surprisingly comfortable.”
Lewis cleverly used this contrast between a hotel and a prison to
illustrate how we view life based on our expectations. He says, “If
you think of this world as a place intended simply for our happiness,
you find it quite intolerable; think of it as a place of training and
correction and it’s not so bad.”

Sometimes we expect that life should be happy and pain-free. But that
is not what the Bible teaches. For the believer, this world is a place
of spiritual development through both good times and bad. Jesus was
realistic when He explained what to expect in life. He told His
disciples, “In the world you will have tribulation; but be of good
cheer, I have overcome the world” (John 16:33). In facing life’s
blessings and bruises, we can have the inner peace that God is
orchestrating events according to His sovereign plan.

Christ’s presence in our lives enables us to “be of good cheer” even
in the midst of pain.

By:  Dennis Fisher

Reflect & Pray

He whose heart is kind beyond all measure Gives unto each day what He
deems best— Lovingly, its part of pain and pleasure, Mingling toil
with peace and rest. —Berg

In the midst of troubles, peace can be found in Jesus.
