https://odb.org/2021/04/26/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

At Our Worst

Be completely humble and gentle; be patient, bearing with one another
in love.
Ephesians 4:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ephesians 4:20–32

“She is tolerable, but not handsome enough to tempt me.” This
sentence, pronounced by Mr. Darcy in Jane Austen’s Pride and
Prejudice, is the reason I will never forget that novel and its impact
on me. Because after reading that one sentence, I firmly decided I
would never like Mr. Darcy.

But I was wrong. Like Austen’s character Elizabeth Bennet, I had the
humbling experience of slowly—and quite reluctantly—changing my mind.
Like her, I’d been unwilling to get to know Darcy’s character as a
whole; I preferred to hang onto my reaction to one of his worst
moments. After finishing the novel, I wondered who I’d made that same
mistake with in the real world. What friendships had I missed because
I wouldn’t let go of a snap judgment?

At the heart of faith in Jesus is the experience of being seen, loved,
and embraced by our Savior—at our worst (Romans 5:8; 1 John 4:19).
It’s the wonder of realizing we can surrender our old, false selves
for who we truly are in Christ (Ephesians 4:23–24). And it’s the joy
of understanding that we are no longer alone but part of a family, a
“body” of those learning to walk the “way of love”—real, unconditional
love (5:2).

When we remember what Christ has done for us (v. 2), how can we not
long to see others the way He sees us?

By:  Monica La Rose

Reflect & Pray

Why do you think you sometimes cling to negative judgments about
others? What experiences have you had of “being wrong” about someone?

God, it’s really hard, sometimes, to let go of that impulse to judge
and compare, to resist that need to see myself as better than others.
Help me to grasp, deep in my heart, the truth that I don’t need to
compete and that I am loved.
