https://odb.org/2021/01/07/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Sound the Trumpets

At your times of rejoicing—your appointed festivals and New Moon
feasts—you are to sound the trumpets.
Numbers 10:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Numbers 10:8–10

“Taps” is a trumpet call played by the US military at the end of the
day as well as at funerals. I was amazed when I read the unofficial
lyrics and discovered that many of the verses end with the phrase “God
is nigh” (God is near). Whether before the dark of each night settles
in or while mourning the loss of a loved one, the lyrics offer
soldiers the beautiful assurance that God is near.

In the Old Testament, trumpets were also a reminder to the Israelites
that God was near. In the middle of celebrating the feasts and
festivals that were part of the covenant agreement between God and the
nation of Israel, the Jews were to “sound the trumpets” (Numbers
10:10). Blowing a trumpet was a reminder not only of God’s presence
but also that He was available when they needed Him most—and He longed
to help them.

Today, we still need reminders that God is near. And in our own style
of worship, we too can call out to God in prayer and song. Perhaps our
prayers can be thought of as trumpets asking God to help us. And the
beautiful encouragement is that God always hears those calls (1 Peter
3:12). To each of our pleas, He responds with the assurance of His
presence that strengthens and comforts us in the difficulties and
sorrows of life.

By:  Lisa M. Samra

Reflect & Pray

When have your prayers felt like calls for help? How does the reminder
that God listens to our prayers encourage you?

Heavenly Father, thank You that You respond to my call for help and
assure me of Your powerful presence and love.
