http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/odb/feed/~3/KXe5mBRBmsc/

Wisdom From Above

The wisdom that is from above is first pure, then peaceable. —
James 3:17

Today's Scripture: 1 Samuel 24:1-10

If Kiera Wilmot had performed her experiment during her high school
science class, it might have earned her an A. But instead she was
charged with causing an explosion. Although she had planned to have
her teacher approve the experiment, her classmates persuaded her to
perform it outside the classroom. When she mixed chemicals inside a
plastic bottle, it exploded and she unintentionally unsettled some
fellow students.

The Old Testament tells the story of another case of peer pressure.
David and his men were hiding from Saul in a cave when Saul entered
(1 Sam. 24). David’s companions suggested that God had delivered Saul
to them, and they urged David to kill him (vv.4,10). If David killed
Saul, they thought they could stop hiding and David could become king.
But David refused to harm Saul because he was “the Lord’s anointed”
(v.6).

People in our lives may sometimes suggest we do what seems most
gratifying or practical in the moment. But there is a difference
between worldly and spiritual wisdom (1 Cor. 2:6-7). Wisdom from above
“is first pure, then peaceable, gentle, willing to yield, full of
mercy” (James 3:17). When others are urging us to take a certain
course of action, we can invite God to influence our response.

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

Have Thine own way, Lord! Have Thine own way! Hold o’er my being
absolute sway! Fill with Thy Spirit till all shall see Christ only,
always, living in me. —Pollard

One is truly wise who gains his wisdom from above.
