https://odb.org/2020/03/27/precious-departure/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Precious Departure

Precious in the sight of the Lord is the death of his faithful
servants.
Psalm 116:15

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 116:12–19

Sculptor Liz Shepherd’s 2018 exhibition The Wait was described by a
Boston Globe correspondent as “evok[ing] the precious, exposed, and
transcendent in life.” Inspired by the time Shepherd spent at her
dying father’s bedside, the exhibition attempts to convey yearning,
the emptiness of loss, and the fragile sense that loved ones are just
out of reach.

The idea that death is precious might seem counterintuitive; however,
the psalmist declares, “Precious in the sight of the Lord is the death
of his faithful servants” (Psalm 116:15). God treasures the death of
His people, for in their passing He welcomes them home.

Who are these faithful servants (“saints” nkjv ) of God? According to
the psalmist, they are those who serve God in gratitude for His
deliverance, who call on His name, and who honor the words they speak
before Him (Psalm 116:16–18). Such actions represent deliberate
choices to walk with God, accept the freedom He offers, and cultivate
a relationship with Him.

In so doing, we find ourselves in the company of Jesus, who is “chosen
by God and precious to him . . . . For in Scripture it says: ‘See, I
lay a stone in Zion, a chosen and precious cornerstone, and the one
who trusts in him will never be put to shame’ ” (1 Peter 2:4–6). When
our trust is in God, our departure from this life is precious in His
sight.

By:  Remi Oyedele

Reflect & Pray

How does your perception of death compare with God’s view of the
passing of His people? To what extent is your perception influenced by
what the Bible says about death?

Dear God, help me to trust You even in the challenges and losses of
life.
