http://odb.org/2012/12/18/opened-ears/

Opened Ears

Sacrifice and offering You did not desire; my ears You have opened.
Burnt offering and sin offering You did not require. —
Psalm 40:6

Today's Scripture: Psalm 40:1-10

Recently I was having trouble with my ears and decided to try a
somewhat controversial treatment. It was supposed to melt the wax in
my ears and clear out any impediments that might get in the way of the
ability to hear. I have to admit that it sounded like a strange
experience. But I was desperate to be able to hear clearly, so I was
willing to give it a try.

As important as good hearing is in life, it is even more important in
our walk with God. In Psalm 40:6, David declared, “Sacrifice and
offering You did not desire; my ears You have opened. Burnt offering
and sin offering You did not require.” The word opened in this verse
can be translated “cleared out,” and it speaks of what God desires for
us. He wants our ears to be open and ready to hear Him as He speaks to
us through His Word. Sometimes, however, our spiritual ears may be
blocked by the background noise of the surrounding culture or the
siren songs of temptation and sin.

May we instead turn our hearts to the Lord in full devotion, keeping
our ears open to Him so that we will be sensitive to His voice. As He
speaks, He will put His Word in our hearts, and we will learn from Him
to delight in His will (v.8).

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Open my ears, that I may hear Voices of truth Thou sendest clear; And
while the wave-notes fall on my ear, Everything false will disappear.
—Scott

God speaks through His Word to those who listen with their heart.
