http://odb.org/2016/02/06/what-will-be/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

What Will Be

No longer will there be any curse.
Revelation 22:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: Revelation 22:1-5

You and I have something in common. We live in a mixed-up, tarnished
world and we have never known anything different. Adam and Eve,
however, could remember what life was like before the curse. They
could recall the world as God intended it to be—free of death,
hardship, and pain (Gen. 3:16-19). In pre-fall Eden, hunger,
unemployment, and illness did not exist. No one questioned God’s
creative power or His plan for human relationships.

The world we have inherited resembles God’s perfect garden only
slightly. To quote C. S. Lewis, “This is a good world gone wrong, but
[it] still retains the memory of what ought to have been.”
Fortunately, the cloudy memory of what the earth should have been is
also a prophetic glimpse into eternity. There, just as Adam and Eve
walked and talked with God, believers will see His face and serve Him
directly. There will be nothing between God and us. “No longer will
there be any curse” (Rev. 22:3). There will be no sin, no fear, and no
shame.

The past and its consequences may cast a shadow on today, but a
believer’s destiny carries the promise of something better—life in a
place as perfect as Eden.

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

Dear God, help me to remember that even though this world does not
measure up to Your original design there is much to enjoy and much to
do for You and others. Thank You for the promise of life with You in a
perfect setting.

One day God will put everything right.
