http://odb.org/2014/09/19/on-being-known/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

On Being Known

I acknowledged my sin to You . . . . I said, “I will confess my
transgressions to the Lord,” and You forgave the iniquity of my sin. —
Psalm 32:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: James 5:16-20

One of the most difficult inner conflicts we have is our desire to be
known versus our fear of being known. As beings created in the image
of God we are made to be known—known by God and also by others. Yet
due to our fallen nature, all of us have sins and weaknesses that we
don’t want others to know about. We use the phrase “dark side” to
refer to aspects of our lives that we keep hidden. And we use slogans
like “put your best foot forward” to encourage others to show their
best side.

One reason we are unwilling to risk being known is that we fear
rejection and ridicule. But when we discover that God knows us, loves
us, and is willing to forgive even the worst thing we have done, our
fear of being known by God begins to fade away. And when we find a
community of believers who understands the dynamic relationship
between forgiveness and confession, we feel safe confessing our sins
to one another (James 5:16).

The life of faith is not about showing only our good side. It’s about
exposing our dark side to the light of Christ through confession to
God and also to others. In this way we can receive healing and live in
the freedom of forgiveness.

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

Lord, help me to expose my sin, Those secret wrongs that lurk within;
I would confess them all to Thee; Transparent I would always be. —D.
DeHaan

The voice of sin may be loud, but the voice of forgiveness is louder.
—D. L. Moody
