https://odb.org/2020/07/06/a-flourishing-tree/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Flourishing Tree

Those who trust in their riches will fall, but the righteous will
thrive like a green leaf.
Proverbs 11:28

Today's Scripture & Insight: Proverbs 11:24–30

I’ve always had a collector’s heart. As a kid, I collected stamps.
Baseball cards. Comics. Now, as a parent, I see the same impulse in my
kids. Sometimes I wonder, Do you really need another teddy bear?

Of course, it’s not about need. It’s about the allure of something
new. Or sometimes the tantalizing draw of something old, something
rare. Whatever captivates our imagination, we’re tempted to believe
that if we only had “X,” our lives would be better. We’d be happy.
Content.

Except those things never deliver the goods. Why? Because God created
us to be filled by Him, not by the things that the world around us
often insists will satisfy our longing hearts.

This tension is hardly new. Proverbs contrasts two ways of life: a
life spent pursuing riches versus a life grounded in loving God and
giving generously. In The Message, Eugene Peterson paraphrases
Proverbs 11:28 like this: “A life devoted to things is a dead life, a
stump; a God-shaped life is a flourishing tree.”

What a picture! Two ways of life: one flourishing and fruitful, one
hollow and barren. The world insists that material abundance equals
“the good life.” In contrast, God invites us to be rooted in Him, to
experience His goodness, and to flourish fruitfully. And as we’re
shaped by our relationship with Him, God reshapes our hearts and
desires, transforming us from the inside out.

By:  Adam R. Holz

Reflect & Pray

When has an undue focus on material things become a major spiritual
struggle for you? What helps you keep your desires in proper
perspective?

Father, thank You for the good gifts You give. Help me to keep putting
my trust in You rather than the stuff of this world.
