http://odb.org/2014/03/18/sweet-fragrance/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Sweet Fragrance

We are to God the fragrance of Christ among those who are being saved
and among those who are perishing. —
2 Corinthians 2:15

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Corinthians 2:12-17

Some scents are unforgettable. Recently, my husband mentioned he was
running low on shaving cream. “I’ll pick some up,” I offered. “Can you
get this kind?” he asked, showing me the can. “I love the smell—it’s
the kind my dad always used.” I smiled, recalling the time I had been
momentarily taken back to my childhood when I got a whiff of the same
shampoo my mom used to wash my hair. For both Tom and me, the
fragrances had brought an emotional response and pleasant memory of
people we loved who were no longer around.

Oliver Wendell Holmes said, “Memories, imagination, old sentiments,
and associations are more readily reached through the sense of smell
than through any other channel.”

So, what if our lives were a fragrance that attracted people to God?
Second Corinthians 2:15 says that “we are to God the fragrance of
Christ among those who are being saved and among those who are
perishing.” Our fragrance is pleasing to God, but it also attracts
others to Him or repels them. We who understand the sacrifice of Jesus
have the opportunity to be the “fragrance of Christ”—a reminder of
Him—to others.

The sweet scent of the likeness of Christ can be an irresistible pull
toward the Savior.

By:  Cindy Hess Kasper

Reflect & Pray

Let my hands perform His bidding, Let my feet run in His ways, Let my
eyes see Jesus only, Let my lips speak forth His praise. —James

When we walk with God, we leave behind a sweet fragrance that can
inspire others to follow.
