http://odb.org/2015/02/01/blended-together/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Blended Together

We are His workmanship, created in Christ Jesus for good works. —
Ephesians 2:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ephesians 4:5-16

My wife, Janet, bought me a new Dreadnought D-35 guitar for my 65th
birthday. Originally developed in the early 1900s, the Dreadnought
style is larger than most guitars designed during that time, and it’s
known for its bold and loud tone. It was named after the large World
War I British battleship the HMS Dreadnought. The back of the D-35 is
unique. Because of the shortage of wide pieces of high quality
rosewood, the craftsmen innovatively fit three smaller pieces of wood
together, which resulted in a richer tone.

God’s workmanship is a lot like that innovative guitar design. Jesus
takes fragments and blends them together to bring Him praise. He
recruited tax collectors, Jewish revolutionaries, fishermen, and
others to be His followers. And down through the centuries Christ
continues to call out people from varied walks of life. The apostle
Paul tells us, “He makes the whole body fit together perfectly. As
each part does its own special work, it helps the other parts grow, so
that the whole body is healthy and growing and full of love” (Eph.
4:16 nlt).

In the Master’s hand many kinds of people are fit together and are
being built into something with great potential for praise to God and
service for others.

By:  Dennis Fisher

Reflect & Pray

Thank You, Lord, that you have placed us in Your family—that You are
using us individually and together to bring You honor. Help us to live
in Your power.

We can accomplish more together than we can alone.
