https://odb.org/2021/03/22/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Sweeter than Honey

How sweet are your words to my taste, sweeter than honey to my mouth!
Psalm 119:103

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 119:97–105

On Chicago Day in October 1893, the city’s theaters shut down because
the owners figured everyone would be attending the World’s Fair. Over
seven hundred thousand people went, but Dwight Moody (1837–1899)
wanted to fill a music hall at the other end of Chicago with preaching
and teaching. His friend R. A. Torrey (1856–1928) was skeptical that
Moody could draw a crowd on the same day as the fair. But by God’s
grace, he did. As Torrey later concluded, the crowds came because
Moody knew “the one Book that this old world most longs to know—the
Bible.” Torrey longed for others to love the Bible as Moody did,
reading it regularly with dedication and passion.

God through His Spirit brought people back to Himself at the end of
the nineteenth century in Chicago, and He continues to speak today. We
can echo the psalmist’s love for God and His Scriptures as he
exclaims, “How sweet are your words to my taste, sweeter than honey to
my mouth!” (Psalm 119:103). For the psalmist, God’s messages of grace
and truth acted as a light for his path, a lamp for his feet (v. 105).

How can you grow more in love with the Savior and His message? As we
immerse ourselves in Scripture, God will increase our devotion to Him
and guide us, shining His light along the paths we walk.

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

In what ways does your life change when you read the Bible regularly?
How could you ensure you don’t lose this practice in the busyness of
your daily life?

Gracious God, You’ve given me the gift of Scripture. Help me to read
it and digest it, that I might serve You faithfully.
