http://odb.org/2014/08/12/example-that-encourages/?utm_source=feedburn
er&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%
29

Example That Encourages

I then, your Lord and Teacher, have washed your feet . . . . I have
given you an example, that you should do as I have done to you. —
John 13:14-15

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Timothy 2:1-7

The story is told that in the late 1800s a group of European pastors
attended D. L. Moody’s Bible conference in Massachusetts. Following
their custom, they put their shoes outside their room before they
slept, expecting them to be cleaned by hotel workers. When Moody saw
the shoes, he mentioned the need to others because he knew their
custom. But he was met with silence. Moody collected all the shoes and
cleaned them himself. A friend who made an unexpected visit to his
room revealed what Moody had done. The word spread, and the next few
nights others took turns doing the cleaning.

Moody’s leadership style of humility inspired others to follow his
example. The apostle Paul reminded Timothy to “be strong in the grace
that is in Christ Jesus. And the things you have heard me say in the
presence of many witnesses entrust to reliable men who will also be
qualified to teach others” (2 Tim. 2:1-2 niv). When we remember that
our strength is a result of God’s grace, that keeps us humble. Then in
humility we pass on God’s truth by being an example that encourages
and inspires others to follow.

Jesus Himself is our example of servanthood. He gave His very life for
us.

By:  Albert Lee

Reflect & Pray

Lord Jesus, I know little about humility. Show me and teach me as I
read about Your example in Your Word. Give me the grace to humble
myself and serve others.

Humility is the result of knowing God and knowing yourself.
