https://odb.org/2021/01/21/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Small Fish

Come, follow me.
Matthew 19:21

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 19:16–26

Over several years, a British couple living in West Africa developed a
strong friendship with a man in their town and many times shared the
love of Jesus and the story of salvation with him. Their friend,
however, was reluctant to relinquish the lifetime of allegiance he had
to another religion, even though he came to recognize that faith in
Christ was “the greater truth.” His concern was partly financial,
since he was a leader in his faith and depended on the compensation he
received. He also feared losing his reputation among the people in his
community.

With sadness, he explained, “I’m like a man fishing with my hands in a
stream. I have caught a small fish in one, but a bigger fish is
swimming by. To catch the bigger fish, I have to let go of the smaller
one!”

The rich young ruler Matthew wrote about in Matthew 19 had a similar
problem. When he approached Jesus, he asked, “What good thing must I
do to get eternal life?” (v. 16). He seemed sincere, but he didn’t
want to fully surrender his life to Jesus. He was rich, not only in
money, but also in his pride of being a rule-follower. Although he
desired eternal life, he loved something else more and rejected
Christ’s words.

When we humbly surrender our life to Jesus and accept His free gift of
salvation, He invites us, “Come, follow me” (v. 21).

By:  Cindy Hess Kasper

Reflect & Pray

What one thing does Jesus require of us to receive salvation and the
promise of eternal life with Him? What’s keeping you from fully
surrendering to Him?

Dear Father, thank You for offering Your Son as payment for my sin.
Help me to surrender wholly to You.
