http://odb.org/2014/05/14/looking-good-2/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Looking Good

First cleanse the inside. —
Matthew 23:26

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 23:23-31

Your hair is really healthy,” said my hairdresser after giving me a
haircut. “I hope it’s because you use our products.” “No. I’m sorry,”
I said. “I just use whatever product is cheap and smells good.” But
then I added, “I also try to eat well. I think that makes a big
difference.”

When I think about the things we do to make ourselves look good, I’m
reminded of some of the things we do to make ourselves look good
spiritually. Jesus addressed this issue with the religious leaders in
Jerusalem (Matt. 23). They followed an elaborate set of religious
rules that went well beyond the ones God had given them. They worked
hard to look good to their peers, to prove that they were better than
others. But their hard work didn’t impress God. Jesus said to them,
“You cleanse the outside of the cup and dish, but inside [you] are
full of extortion and self-indulgence” (v.25). What the Pharisees did
to make themselves look good to others actually revealed that they
were not good at all.

Every culture values different religious behaviors and traditions, but
God’s values transcend cultures. And what He values isn’t measured by
what others see. God values a clean heart and pure motives. Spiritual
health is expressed from the inside out.

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

You know me, Lord, for who I am. My motives and heart are open before
You. Cleanse me from the inside out. And help me to live as Jesus
did—with pure and true motives.

We might look good on the outside without really being good on the
inside.
