http://odb.org/2015/06/09/deceptive-currents/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Deceptive Currents

When they had pasture, they were filled; they were filled and their
heart was exalted. —
Hosea 13:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: Deuteronomy 8:11-20

In his book The Hidden Brain, science writer Shankar Vedantam
describes the day he went for a leisurely swim. The water was calm and
clear, and he felt strong and proud for covering a long distance so
easily. He decided to swim out of the bay and into open water. But
when he tried to return he couldn’t make any progress. He had been
deceived by the current. The ease of swimming had not been due to his
strength but to the movement of the water.

In our relationship with God something similar can happen. “Going with
the flow” can lead us to believe we’re stronger than we are. When life
is easy, our minds tell us that it’s due to our own strength. We
become proud and self-confident. But when trouble hits, we realize how
little strength we have and how helpless we are.

This happened with the Israelites. God would bless them with military
success, peace, and prosperity. But thinking they had achieved it on
their own, they would then become proud and self-sufficient (Deut.
8:11-12). Assuming that they no longer needed God, they would go their
own way until an enemy attacked and they would realize how powerless
they were without God’s help.

When life is going well we too need to beware of self-deception. Pride
will take us where we do not want to go. Only humility will keep us
where we ought to be—grateful to God and dependent on His strength.

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

Lord, we don’t dare trust in our own strength to do our tasks today.
You are the Giver of our talents and opportunities. Help us use them
not for our own advancement, but to help others.

True humility credits God for every success.
