http://odb.org/2015/12/23/one-size-fits-all/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

One Size Fits All

Whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life.
John 3:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 3:10-21

Like most children, I thoroughly enjoyed Christmas. With great
anticipation, I would snoop under the tree to see what toys and games
awaited my eager grasp. So I felt deflated when I started getting
things like shirts and pants. Grownup gifts were no fun! Then last
Christmas, my kids gave me some cool socks with bright colors and
designs. I almost felt young again! Even grownups could wear these
socks, as the label reassured me: “One size fits all.”

That welcome phrase “one size fits all” reminds me of the best gift of
Christmas—the good news that Jesus is for everyone. The point was
proven when the first invitation sent by angel choirs was to shepherds
on the bottom rung of the social ladder. The news was underscored
further when the VIPs—the wealthy and powerful Magi—followed the star
to come and worship the Christ-child.

After Jesus began His ministry, an influential member of the Jewish
ruling council came to Him at night. In the course of their
conversation, Jesus invited “whoever believes” to come to Him. The
simple act of faith in Christ grants eternal life to those who trust
in Him (John 3:16).

If Jesus were just for the poor and marginalized, or only for the
famous and fortunate, many of us would not qualify. But Christ is for
everyone, regardless of status, financial situation, or social
standing. He is the only gift truly fit for all.

By:  Joe Stowell

Reflect & Pray

Thank You, Lord, that no one is unqualified for the gift of Your love.
Teach us to rejoice in the fact that Your love was just right for us,
and help us to share that love with others.

God’s gift to a dying world is the life-giving Savior.
