https://odb.org/2021/02/06/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

What’s Your Reputation?

Now you are light in the Lord. Live as children of light.
Ephesians 5:8

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ephesians 5:8–14

At local high school sporting events, Ted was the largest and loudest
cheerleader in the stands. Before a degenerative condition took its
toll on him, he stood six feet six inches tall and weighed 290 pounds.
Ted’s crowd-stirring chants of “Blue!” (the school’s color) and candy-
tossing at school events were legendary, earning him the name “Big
Blue.”

But Ted’s reputation in his community wasn’t just for cheerleading.
Neither was it for the alcohol addiction he experienced as a younger
man. No, he will be remembered for his love for God and family, for
his generosity and kindness. At a four-hour “home-going service” that
celebrated his life, person after person came forward to testify about
the vibrant Christlike ways of a man who’d been rescued from darkness
by the power of Jesus through the gospel.

In Ephesians 5:8, Paul reminded believers that they “were once
darkness” but quickly noted, “but now you are light in the Lord. Live
as children of light.” Such is the call for every believer in Jesus.
Children of light, like Ted, have much to offer those engulfed in this
world’s darkness. “Fruitless deeds of darkness” are to be avoided (see
vv. 3–4, 11). Those in our communities and throughout the world need
the brilliant, distinctive witness of those upon whom Jesus has shined
(v. 14). How distinctive? As different as light is from darkness.

By:  Arthur Jackson

Reflect & Pray

What are some reasons you hesitate to more intentionally spread
Christ’s light in this world? Where are the places around you that
need His light?

Father, forgive me for my passivity about being light. Lead me and use
me as light in the dark spaces of this world.
