https://odb.org/2018/09/29/gleaning-the-fields/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Gleaning the Fields

Ruth the Moabite said to Naomi, “Let me go to the fields and pick up
the leftover grain behind anyone in whose eyes I find favor.”
Ruth 2:2

Today's Scripture: Ruth 2:1–12

A Tanzanian friend has a vision for redeeming a piece of desolate land
in the capital city of Dodoma. Recognizing the needs of some local
widows, Ruth wants to transform these dusty acres into a place to keep
chickens and grow crops. Her vision to provide for those in need is
rooted in her love for God, and was inspired by her biblical namesake,
Ruth.

God’s laws allowed the poor or the foreigner to glean (harvest) from
the edges of the fields (Leviticus 19:9–10). Ruth (in the Bible) was a
foreigner, and was therefore allowed to work in the fields, gathering
food for her and her mother-in-law. Gleaning in Boaz’s field, a close
relative, led to Ruth and Naomi ultimately finding a home and
protection. Ruth used her ingenuity and effort in the work of the
day—gathering food from the edges of the field—and God blessed her.

The passion of my friend Ruth and the dedication of the biblical Ruth
stir me to give thanks to God for how He cares for the poor and
downtrodden. They inspire me to seek ways to help others in my
community and more broadly as a means of expressing my thanks to our
giving God. How might you worship God through extending His mercy to
others?

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

Jesus, You desire that no one would go hungry. Open our eyes to the
ways we can help those in need. May we share Your love, for Your
glory.

God cares for the vulnerable.
