https://odb.org/2018/09/20/hope-sent/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium
=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Where to Find Hope

And hope does not put us to shame, because God’s love has been poured
out into our hearts through the Holy Spirit, who has been given to us.
Romans 5:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 5:1–11

Elizabeth struggled for a long time with drug addiction, and when she
recovered wanted to help others in return. So she started writing
notes and anonymously placing them throughout her city. Elizabeth
tucks these notes under car windshield wipers and tacks them on poles
in parks. She used to look for signs of hope; now she leaves them for
others to find. One of her notes concluded with these words: “Much
love. Hope sent.”

Hope with love—that’s what Jesus gives. He brings us His love with
each new day and strengthens us with that hope. His love is not
rationed out to us drop by drop but flows out of His heart freely and
is poured lavishly into ours: “We know how dearly God loves us,
because he has given us the Holy Spirit to fill our hearts with his
love” (Romans 5:5 nlt ). He desires to use the hard times to develop
perseverance and character and bring us a satisfying, hope-filled life
(vv. 3–4). And even when we’re far from Him, He still loves us (vv.
6–8).

Are you looking for signs of hope? The Lord gives hope with love
through inviting us to grow in a relationship with Him. Our hope for a
fulfilling life is anchored in His unfailing love.

By:  Anne Cetas

Reflect & Pray

I’m grateful, God, for the love You lavishly pour on me. Please bring
me contentment in You and confidence in what You are doing in me. Read
Hope: Choosing Faith Instead of Fear at discoveryseries.org/q0733.

Hope is the anchor of the soul.
