https://odb.org/2021/03/09/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Snow Muse

He says to the snow, “Fall on the earth,” and to the rain shower, “Be
a mighty downpour.”
Job 37:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: Job 36:26–29; 37:5–7

Named for a tough blue-collar neighborhood in Cincinnati, Ohio, the
grassroots musical group Over the Rhine sings about a transformation
that took place each year in the city. “Whenever we’d get our first
real snowfall of the year, it felt like something sacred was
happening,” explains band co-founder Linford Detweiler. “Like a little
bit of a fresh start. The city would slow down and grow quiet.”

If you’ve experienced a heavy snowfall, you understand how it can
inspire a song. A magical quietness drapes the world as snow conceals
grime and grayness. For a few moments, winter’s bleakness brightens,
inviting our reflection and delight.

Elihu, the one friend of Job who may have had a helpful view of God,
noted how creation commands our attention. “God’s voice thunders in
marvelous ways,” he said (Job 37:5). “He says to the snow, ‘Fall on
the earth,’ and to the rain shower, ‘Be a mighty downpour.’ ” Such
splendor can interrupt our lives, demanding a sacred pause. “So that
everyone he has made may know his work, he stops all people from their
labor,” Elihu observed (vv. 6–7).

Nature sometimes seizes our attention in ways we don’t like.
Regardless of what happens to us or what we observe around us, each
moment—magnificent, menacing, or mundane—can inspire our worship. The
poet’s heart within us craves the holy hush.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

What events or things motivate you to ponder God’s greatness and
creativity? How can you experience His wonder in your ordinary moments
today?

Father, help me to see Your hand in everything today. Give me a heart
to appreciate Your amazing works.
