http://odb.org/2014/11/04/perception-or-reality/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Perception Or Reality?

Teacher, do You not care that we are perishing? —
Mark 4:38

Today's Scripture & Insight: Mark 4:35-41

We often hear it said, “Perception is reality.” That idea for
Americans may have dawned on September 26, 1960—the date of the first
televised debate between two presidential candidates. In front of the
cameras, John Kennedy appeared composed; Richard Nixon appeared
nervous. The perception was that Kennedy would be a stronger leader.
The debate not only turned that election, but it also changed the way
politics is done in the US. Politics by perception became the rule of
the day.

Sometimes perception is reality. But not always—especially our
perceptions about God. When Jesus and His disciples were crossing the
Sea of Galilee in a small fishing vessel, a sudden storm threatened to
sink the boat. With Jesus asleep and the disciples on the verge of
panic, they began to stir Him, asking, “Teacher, do You not care that
we are perishing?” (Mark 4:38).

Their question sounds similar to questions I’ve asked. At times I
perceive God’s apparent inactivity as a lack of care. But His care for
me goes well beyond what I can see or measure. Our God is deeply
concerned for what concerns us. He urges us to place all our care upon
Him, “for He cares for [us]” (1 Peter 5:7). That is true reality.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

O yes, He cares; I know He cares! His heart is touched with my grief;
When the days are weary, the long nights dreary, I know my Savior
cares. —Graeff

Even when we don’t sense God’s presence, His loving care is all around
us.
