https://odb.org/2017/09/17/removing-the-barriers/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

Removing the Barriers

He is very dear to me but even dearer to you, both as a fellow man and
as a brother in the Lord.
Philemon 1:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: Philemon 1:8–16

I saw Mary every Tuesday when I visited “the House”—a home that helps
former prisoners reintegrate into society. My life looked different
from hers: fresh out of jail, fighting addictions, separated from her
son. You might say she lived on the edge of society.

Like Mary, Onesimus knew what it meant to live on the edge of society.
As a slave, Onesimus had apparently wronged his Christian master,
Philemon, and was now in prison. While there, he met Paul and came to
faith in Christ (v. 10). Though now a changed man, Onesimus was still
a slave. Paul sent him back to Philemon with a letter urging him to
receive Onesimus “no longer as a slave, but better than a slave, as a
dear brother” (Philem. 1:16).

Philemon had a choice to make: He could treat Onesimus as his slave or
welcome him as a brother in Christ. I had a choice to make too. Would
I see Mary as an ex-convict and a recovering addict—or as a woman
whose life is being changed by the power of Christ? Mary was my sister
in the Lord, and we were privileged to walk together in our journey of
faith.

It’s easy to allow the walls of socio-economic status, class, or
cultural differences to separate us. The gospel of Christ removes
those barriers, changing our lives and our relationships forever.

By:  Karen Wolfe

Reflect & Pray

Dear God, thank You that the gospel of Jesus Christ changes lives and
relationships. Thank You for removing the barriers between us and
making us all members of Your family.

The gospel changes people and relationships.
