https://odb.org/2020/03/26/seeing-salvation/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Seeing Salvation

All people will see God’s salvation.
Luke 3:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 3:1–6

At fifty-three, the last thing Sonia expected to do was abandon her
business and her country to join a group of asylum seekers journeying
to a new land. After gangs murdered her nephew and tried to force her
seventeen-year-old son into their ranks, Sonia felt escape was her
only option. “I pray to God. . . . I will do whatever is necessary,”
Sonia explained. “I will do anything so [my son and I] don’t die of
hunger. . . I prefer to see him suffer here than end up in a bag or
canal.”

Does the Bible have anything to say to Sonia and her son—or to so many
who have suffered injustice and devastation? When John the Baptist
proclaimed the arrival of Jesus, he announced good news to Sonia, to
us, to the world. “Prepare the way for the Lord,” John proclaimed
(Luke 3:4). He insisted that when Jesus arrived, God would enact a
powerful, comprehensive rescue. The biblical word for this rescue is
salvation.

Salvation encompasses both the healing of our sinful hearts and—one
day—the healing of all the world’s evils. God’s transforming work is
for every story, every human system, and is available to everyone.
“All people will see God’s salvation,” John said (v. 6).

Whatever evil we face, Christ’s cross and resurrection assure us we’ll
see God’s salvation. One day we’ll experience His final liberation.

By:  Winn Collier

Reflect & Pray

Where do you need to see God’s salvation in your life? How has God
called you to be part of His transforming work on earth?

God, You promise that all people will see Your salvation. I claim this
promise. Show me Your rescue and healing.
