http://odb.org/2016/11/27/the-red-hackle/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Red Hackle

They will still bear fruit in old age.
Psalm 92:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 92:12–15

Several years ago I stumbled across a bit of fishing lore in a second-
century ad work by the Greek writer Aelian. “Between Boroca and
Thessalonica runs a river called the Astracus, and in it there are
fish with spotted skins [trout].” He then describes a “snare for the
fish, by which they get the better of them. They fastened crimson red
wool round a hook and attached two feathers. Then they would throw
their snare, and the fish, attracted by the color, comes up, thinking
to get a mouthful” (On the Nature of Animals).

Fishermen still use this lure today. It is called the Red Hackle.
First used over 2,200 years ago, it remains a snare for trout by which
we “get the better of them.”

When I read that ancient work I thought: Not all old things are
passé—especially people. If through contented and cheerful old age we
show others the fullness and deepness of God, we’ll be useful to the
end of our days. Old age does not have to focus on declining health,
pining over what once was. It can also be full of tranquility and
mirth and courage and kindness, the fruit of those who have grown old
with God.

“Those who are planted in the house of the Lord . . . shall still bear
fruit in old age; they shall be fresh and flourishing” (Ps. 92:13–14
nkjv).

By:  David H. Roper

Reflect & Pray

Lord, thank You for Your faithfulness throughout our lives. Help us
finish our lives well in service to You and to remember that old age
does not mean uselessness.

As the years add up, God’s faithfulness keeps multiplying.
