https://odb.org/2020/11/03/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Tree Whisperer

That person is like a tree planted by streams of water, which yields
its fruit in season.
Psalm 1:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 1

Some call him the “tree whisperer.” Tony Rinaudo is, in fact, World
Vision Australia’s tree maker. He’s a missionary and agronomist
engaged in a thirty-year effort to share Jesus by combating
deforestation across Africa’s Sahel, south of the Sahara.

Realizing stunted “shrubs” were actually dormant trees, Rinaudo
started pruning, tending, and watering them. His work inspired
hundreds of thousands of farmers to save their failing farms by
restoring nearby forests, reversing soil erosion. Farmers in Niger,
for example, have doubled their crops and their income, providing food
for an additional 2.5 million people per year.

In John 15, Jesus, the creator of agriculture, referred to similar
farming tactics when He said, “I am the true vine, and my Father is
the gardener. He cuts off every branch in me that bears no fruit,
while every branch that does bear fruit he prunes so that it will be
even more fruitful” (vv. 1–2).

Without the daily tending of God, our souls grow barren and dry. When
we delight in His law, however, meditating on it day and night, we are
“like a tree planted by streams of water” (Psalm 1:3). Our leaves will
“not wither” and “whatever [we] do prospers” (v. 3). Pruned and
planted in Him, we’re evergreen—revived and thriving.

By:  Patricia Raybon

Reflect & Pray

Where and how do you sense your soul being tended by God? What do you
do to “delight” in Scripture?

O Gardener God, I yield my stunted places to Your pruning and
watering, surrendering my dry places to grow green and revived in You.
To learn more about growing spiritually, visit
Odb.org/Courses/spiritual-life-basics.
