https://odb.org/2019/01/10/our-welcoming-god/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Our Welcoming God

God does not show favoritism.
Acts 10:34

Today's Scripture & Insight: Acts 10:34–38

Our church meets in an old elementary school, one that closed in 1958
rather than obey a US court order to integrate (the act of having
African-American students attend schools previously attended by only
Caucasian students). The following year, the school reopened and Elva,
now a member of our church, was one of those black students who were
thrust into a white world. “I was taken out of my safe community, with
teachers who were part of our life,” Elva recalls, “and placed in a
scary environment in a class with only one other black student.” Elva
suffered because she was different, but she became a woman of courage,
faith, and forgiveness.

Her witness is profound because of how much evil she endured at the
hands of some members of a society that denied the truth that every
human being, regardless of race or heritage, is loved by God. Some
members of the early church struggled with this same truth, believing
that certain people were, by birth, loved by God while others were
rejected. After receiving a divine vision, however, Peter stunned
everyone who would listen with this astounding revelation: “I now
realize how true it is that God does not show favoritism but accepts
from every nation the one who fears him and does what is right” (Acts
10:34–35).

God opens His arms wide to extend love to everyone. May we do the same
in His power.

By:  Winn Collier

Reflect & Pray

Consider your neighborhood, your family, and your social sphere. Where
do you find a temptation to exclude others? Why?

We’re tempted to push others away, but God’s arms are open wide.
