https://odb.org/2019/07/22/faithful-in-captivity/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

Faithful in Captivity

While Joseph was there in the prison, the Lord was with him.
Genesis 39:20–21

Today's Scripture & Insight: Genesis 39:6–12, 20–23

Haralan Popov had no idea what turn his life would take when the
doorbell rang early one morning in 1948. Without any warning, the
Bulgarian police took Haralan away to prison because of his faith. He
spent the next thirteen years behind bars, praying for strength and
courage. Despite horrible treatment, he knew God was with him, and he
shared the good news of Jesus with fellow prisoners—and many believed.

In the account from Genesis 37, Joseph had no idea what would happen
to him after he was mercilessly sold by his angry brothers to
merchants who took him to Egypt and sold him to Potiphar, an Egyptian
official. He found himself in a culture surrounded by people who
believed in thousands of gods. To make things worse, Potiphar’s wife
tried to seduce Joseph. When Joseph refused repeatedly, she falsely
accused him, leading to his being sent to prison (39:16–20). Yet God
didn’t abandon him. Not only was He with Joseph, but He also “gave him
success in everything he did” and even “showed him kindness and
granted him favor” with those in authority (39:3, 21).

Imagine the fear Joseph must have felt. But he remained faithful and
kept his integrity. God was with Joseph in his difficult journey and
had a master plan for him. He has a plan in mind for you too. Take
heart and walk in faith, trusting He sees and He knows.

By:  Estera Pirosca Escobar

Reflect & Pray

What difficult situation have you experienced—perhaps one in which you
were falsely accused? Why is it vital for you to maintain your
integrity?

God, thank You for being with me always, even when life’s
circumstances cause me to be uncomfortable. Help me to be faithful to
You.
