https://odb.org/2020/06/14/when-hes-happy-im-happy/?utm_source=feedbur
ner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread
%29

Made for Each Other

It is not good for the man to be alone. I will make a helper suitable
for him.
Genesis 2:18

Today's Scripture & Insight: Genesis 2:18–24

“I take care of him. When he’s happy, I’m happy,” says Stella. Merle
replies, “I’m happy when she’s around.” Merle and Stella have been
married for 79 years. When Merle was recently admitted to a nursing
home, he was miserable—so Stella gladly brought him home. He’s 101,
and she’s 95. Though she needs a walker to get around, she lovingly
does what she can for her husband, such as preparing the food he
likes. But she couldn’t do it on her own. Grandchildren and neighbors
help with the things Stella can’t manage.

Stella and Merle’s life together is an example of Genesis 2, where God
said, “It is not good for the man to be alone. I will make a helper
suitable for him” (v. 18). None of the creatures God brought before
Adam fit that description. Only in Eve, made from the rib of Adam, did
Adam find a suitable helper and companion (vv. 19–24).

Eve was the perfect companion for Adam, and through them God
instituted marriage. This wasn’t only for the mutual aid of
individuals but also to begin a family and to care for creation, which
includes other people (1:28). From that first family came a community
so that, whether married or single, old or young, none of us would be
alone. As a community, God has given us the privilege of sharing “each
other’s burdens” (Galatians 6:2).

By:  Alyson Kieda

Reflect & Pray

How is it helpful to know that no matter our marital status, as
believers in Jesus we’re never alone? How have you seen the body of
Christ in action?

Dear God, thank You for creating man and woman for each other and for
instituting community so that none of us are truly alone.
