https://odb.org/2017/07/03/destroying-the-divides/?utm_source=feedburn
er&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%
29

Destroying the Divides

I will not be with you anymore unless you destroy whatever among you
is devoted to destruction.
Joshua 7:12

Today's Scripture: Joshua 7:1–12

A writing deadline loomed over me, while the argument I had with my
husband earlier that morning swirled through my mind. I stared at the
blinking cursor, fingertips resting on the keyboard. He was wrong too,
Lord.

When the computer screen went black, my reflection scowled. My
unacknowledged wrongs were doing more than hindering the work before
me. They were straining my relationship with my husband and my God.

I grabbed my cell phone, swallowed my pride, and asked for
forgiveness. Savoring the peace of reconciliation when my spouse
apologized as well, I thanked God and finished my article on time.

The Israelites experienced the pain of personal sin and joy of
restoration. Joshua warned God’s people not to enrich themselves in
the battle for Jericho (Josh. 6:18), but Achan stole captured items
and hid them in his tent (7:1). Only after his sin was exposed and
dealt with (vv. 4–12) did the nation enjoy reconciliation with their
God.

Like Achan, we don’t always consider how “tucking sin into our tents”
turns our hearts from God and impacts those around us. Acknowledging
Jesus as Lord, admitting our sin, and seeking forgiveness provides the
foundation for healthy and faithful relationships with God and others.
By submitting to our loving Creator and Sustainer daily, we can serve
Him and enjoy His presence—together.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

Lord, please help us recognize, confess, and turn away from our sin,
so that we can nurture loving relationships with You and others.

God can purge our hearts of the sin that destroys our intimacy with
Him and others.
