http://odb.org/2015/04/09/the-mud-puddle/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Mud Puddle

Blessed are those who keep His testimonies, who seek Him with the
whole heart! —
Psalm 119:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 119:1-8

My friend Ed was telling me a story about his little son. He was
standing in a mud puddle, so Ed told him to get out. But instead, his
son began running through the puddle. “No running through it either,”
he said. So the boy began walking through the water. When Ed told him,
“No walking!” the boy stood with just his toes in the water, looking
defiantly at his dad. The child knew what his father wanted, but he
didn’t want to do it.

Sometimes I’m like that stubborn little boy. I know that what I’m
doing isn’t pleasing to the Lord, but I do it anyway. God told the
children of Israel to “fully obey the Lord your God” (Deut. 28:1 niv),
but they failed repeatedly. The psalmist acknowledged his struggle in
Psalm 119, “Oh, that my ways were steadfast in obeying your decrees!”
(v.5 niv).

Jealousy, hatred, rebellion—they occur all too often. But God provided
for our redemption through the sacrifice of His Son, the Lord Jesus
Christ. The Holy Spirit helps us when we are tempted (1 Cor. 10:13);
and when we confess our wrongdoing, God promises to forgive us (1 John
1:9).

If you are like me and keep running back into the mud puddles of life,
don’t give up. God will help you to resist temptation, and He will
never stop loving you!

By:  David C. Egner

Reflect & Pray

Dear Lord, help me when I’m tempted. Bring the promises of the Bible
to mind and strengthen me by Your Holy Spirit to say no to temptation.
Let all my words and deeds bring honor to Your name.

To master temptation, let Christ master you.
