https://odb.org/2020/12/24/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

When Peace Breaks Out

Peace to those on whom his favor rests.
Luke 2:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 2:8–20

On a cold Christmas Eve in Belgium in 1914, the sound of singing
floated from the trenches where soldiers were dug in. Strains of the
carol “Silent Night” rang out in German and then in English. Soldiers
who earlier in the day had been shooting at each other laid down their
weapons and emerged from their trenches to shake hands in the “no
man’s land” between them, exchanging Christmas greetings and
spontaneous gifts from their rations. The ceasefire continued through
the next day as the soldiers talked and laughed and even organized
soccer matches together.

The Christmas Truce of 1914 that occurred along World War I’s Western
Front offered a brief glimpse of the peace the angels proclaimed on
the first Christmas long ago. An angel spoke to terrified shepherds
with these reassuring words: “Do not be afraid. I bring you good news
that will cause great joy for all the people. Today in the town of
David a Savior has been born to you” (Luke 2:10–11). Then a multitude
of angels appeared, “praising God and saying, ‘Glory to God in the
highest heaven, and on earth peace to those on whom his favor rests’”
(vv. 13–14).

Jesus is the “Prince of Peace” who saves us from our sins (Isaiah
9:6). Through His sacrifice on the cross He offers forgiveness and
peace with God to all who trust in Him.

By:  James Banks

Reflect & Pray

How have you experienced the peace Jesus provides? In what practical
way can you share His peace with someone today?

Prince of Peace, rule in my heart today. I praise You for Your perfect
peace that this world can never take away!
