https://odb.org/2019/05/13/a-longing-in-stone/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Longing in Stone

I have let you see it with your eyes, but you will not cross over into
it.
Deuteronomy 34:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: Deuteronomy 34:1–5

“Ah, every pier is a longing in stone!” says a line in Fernando
Pessoa’s Portuguese poem “Ode Marítima.” Pessoa’s pier represents the
emotions we feel as a ship moves slowly away from us. The vessel
departs but the pier remains, an enduring monument to hopes and
dreams, partings and yearnings. We ache for what’s lost, and for what
we can’t quite reach.

The Portuguese word translated “longing” (saudade) refers to a
nostalgic yearning we feel—a deep ache that defies definition. The
poet is describing the indescribable.

We might say that Mount Nebo was Moses’s “longing in stone.” From Nebo
he gazed into the promised land—a land he would never reach. God’s
words to Moses—“I have let you see it with your eyes, but you will not
cross over into it” (Deuteronomy 34:4)—might seem harsh. But if that’s
all we see, we miss the heart of what’s happening. God is speaking
immense comfort to Moses: “This is the land I promised on oath to
Abraham, Isaac and Jacob when I said, ‘I will give it to your
descendants’” (v. 4). Very soon, Moses would leave Nebo for a land far
better than Canaan (v. 5).

Life often finds us standing on the pier. Loved ones depart; hopes
fade; dreams die. Amid it all we sense echoes of Eden and hints of
heaven. Our longings point us to God. He is the fulfillment we yearn
for.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

What are your unfulfilled longings? What places in life are you trying
to satisfy with wrong things? How can you find true fulfillment in God
alone?

The sweetest thing in all my life has been the longing—to reach the
Mountain, to find the place where all beauty came from. C. S. Lewis
