http://odb.org/2015/11/03/the-daily-grind/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Daily Grind

Whatever you do, work at it with all your heart, as working for the
Lord, not for human masters.
Colossians 3:23

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ephesians 6:5-9

The high school I attended required 4 years of Latin instruction. I
appreciate the value of that discipline now, but back then it was a
grind. Our teacher believed in drill and repetition. “Repetitio est
mater studiorum,” she intoned over us several times a day, which
simply means, “Repetition is the mother of learning.” “Repetitio est
absurdum,” we muttered under our breath. “Repetition is absurd.”

I realize now that most of life is simply that: repetition—a round of
dull, uninspiring, lackluster things we must do again and again.
“Repetition is both as ordinary and necessary as bread,” said Danish
philosopher Søren Kierkegaard. But he went on to say, “It is the bread
that satisfies with benediction.”

It’s a matter of taking up each duty, no matter how mundane, humble,
or trivial, and asking God to bless it and put it to His intended
purposes. In that way we take the drudgeries of life and turn them
into holy work, filled with unseen, eternal consequence.

The poet Gerard Manley Hopkins said, “To lift up the hands in prayer
gives God glory, but a man with a [pitchfork] in his hand, a woman
with a slop pail, give Him glory, too. God is so great that all things
give Him glory if you mean that they should.”

If whatever we do is done for Christ, we’ll be amazed at the joy and
meaning we’ll find in even the most ordinary tasks.

By:  David H. Roper

Reflect & Pray

Remind us today, Lord, that You are in the dull and ordinary tasks of
life in a most extraordinary way. Let us not forget that we do even
the smallest tasks for You.

A willing spirit changes the drudgery of duty into a labor of love.
