https://odb.org/2020/02/05/staying-on-track/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

How to Stay on Track

The Spirit teaches you everything you need to know, and what he
teaches is true—it is not a lie.
1 John 2:27

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 John 2:18–27

As the world’s fastest blind runner, David Brown of the U.S.
Paralympic Team credits his wins to God, his mother’s early advice
(“no sitting around”), and his running guide—veteran sprinter Jerome
Avery. Tethered to Brown by a string tied to their fingers, Avery
guides Brown’s winning races with words and touches.

“It’s all about listening to his cues,” says Brown, who says he could
“swing out wide” on 200-meter races where the track curves. “Day in
and day out, we’re going over race strategies,” Brown says,
“communicating with each other—not only verbal cues, but physical
cues.”

In our own life’s race, we’re blessed with a Divine Guide. Our Helper,
the Holy Spirit, leads our steps when we follow Him. “I am writing
these things to you about those who are trying to lead you astray,”
wrote John (1 John 2:26). “But you have received the Holy Spirit, and
he lives within you, so you don’t need anyone to teach you what is
true. For the Spirit teaches you everything you need to know” (v. 27
nlt ).

John stressed this wisdom to the believers of his day who faced
“antichrists” who denied the Father and that Jesus is the Messiah (v.
22). We face such deniers today as well. But the Holy Spirit, our
Guide, leads us in following Jesus. We can trust His guidance to touch
us with truth, keeping us on track.

By:  Patricia Raybon

Reflect & Pray

How attuned are you to the Holy Spirit’s guidance? How can you listen
better when He guides, warns, and directs?

Dear God, attune our hearts to Your Holy Spirit’s guidance so we’ll
run to Your truth and not to lies. Read about the filling of the
Spirit at discoveryseries.org/q0301.
