https://odb.org/2021/02/17/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Desperate Solutions

You did not . . . have regard for the One who planned it long ago.
Isaiah 22:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 22:8–13

In the late sixteenth century, William of Orange intentionally flooded
much of his nation’s land. The Dutch monarch resorted to such a
drastic measure in an attempt to drive out the invading Spaniards. It
didn’t work, and a vast swath of prime farmland was lost to the sea.
“Desperate times call for desperate measures,” they say.

In Isaiah’s day, Jerusalem turned to desperate measures when the
Assyrian army threatened them. Creating a water storage system to
endure the siege, the people also tore down houses to shore up the
city walls. Such tactics may have been prudent, but they neglected the
most important step. “You built a reservoir between the two walls for
the water of the Old Pool,” God said, “but you did not look to the One
who made it, or have regard for the One who planned it long ago”
(Isaiah 22:11).

We aren’t likely to encounter a literal army outside our homes today.
“The batterings always come in commonplace ways and through
commonplace people,” said Oswald Chambers. Yet, such “batterings” are
genuine threats. Thankfully, they also bring with them God’s
invitation to turn to Him first for what we need.

When life’s irritations and interruptions come, will we see them as
opportunities to turn to God? Or will we seek our own desperate
solutions?

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

What ordinary threats do you face today? What do you need to face
them?

Today, loving God, I turn to You first with all of my challenges,
large and small. Download Forty Days of Praying the Word at
go.odb.org/40-days.
