http://odb.org/2013/10/07/public-praise/

Public Praise

Declare His glory among the nations, His wonders among all peoples. —
Psalm 96:3

Today's Scripture: Psalm 96

I love the YouTube video of people in a food court of a mall, who in
the midst of their ordinary lives were suddenly interrupted by someone
who stood up and boldly began singing the “Hallelujah Chorus.” To the
surprise of everyone, another person got up and joined the chorus, and
then another, and another. Soon the food court was resounding with the
celebrative harmonies of Handel’s masterpiece. A local opera company
had planted their singers in strategic places so that they could
joyfully interject the glory of God into the everyday lives of
lunching shoppers.

Every time I watch that video, it moves me to tears. It reminds me
that bringing the glory of God into the ordinary situations of our
world through the beautiful harmonies of Christlikeness is exactly
what we are called to do. Think of intentionally interjecting God’s
grace into a situation where some undeserving soul needs a second
chance; of sharing the love of Christ with someone who is needy; of
being the hands of Jesus that lift up a weary friend; or of bringing
peace to a confusing and chaotic situation.

As the psalmist reminds us, we have the high and holy privilege of
declaring “His glory among the nations, His wonders among all peoples”
(Ps. 96:3).

By:  Joe Stowell

Reflect & Pray

Thank You, Lord, for filling us with the capacity to take Your glory
“public” through the way we act and react toward others. Give us the
grace to interject the surprising beauty of Your wonderful ways into
each encounter.

Surprise your world with the wonders of Christ shining through you!
