https://odb.org/2020/11/14/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Inside the Fire

I see four men walking around in the fire, unbound and unharmed.
Daniel 3:25

Today's Scripture & Insight: Daniel 3:12–18

A wildfire in Andilla, Spain, scorched nearly 50,000 acres of
woodland. However, in the middle of the devastation, a group of nearly
1,000 bright green cypress trees remained standing. The trees’ ability
to retain water had allowed them to safely endure the fire.

During King Nebuchadnezzar’s reign in Babylon, a small cluster of
friends survived the flames of the king’s wrath. Shadrach, Meshach,
and Abednego refused to worship a statue Nebuchadnezzar had created,
and they told him, “If we are thrown into the blazing furnace, the God
we serve is able to deliver us from it” (Daniel 3:17). Infuriated, the
monarch cranked up the heat seven times hotter than normal (v. 19).

The soldiers who carried out the king’s orders and tossed the friends
into the blaze were burned up, yet onlookers watched Shadrach,
Meshach, and Abednego walk around inside the flames “unbound and
unharmed.” Someone else was in the furnace as well—a fourth man who
looked “like a son of the gods” (v. 25). Many scholars believe this
was a preincarnate appearance of Jesus.

Jesus is with us when we face intimidation and trials. In the moments
when we’re urged to give in to pressure, we don’t have to be afraid.
We may not always know how or when God will help us, but we know He’s
with us. He’ll give us the strength to stay faithful to Him through
every “fire” we endure.

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

Why is the supernatural comfort of God’s presence encouraging to you?
How can you support others who may be facing opposition?

Dear God, fill me with Your Spirit so that I can persevere when I feel
pressured to give in. I want to honor You by standing strong. To learn
more about the book of Daniel and its prophecies, visit
ChristianUniversity.org/OT313.
