https://odb.org/2020/03/21/chirpy/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=fe
ed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Chirpy

The ravens brought him bread and meat in the morning and bread and
meat in the evening, and he drank from the brook.
1 Kings 17:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Kings 17:2–6

For twelve years, Chirpy, a seagull, has made daily visits to a man
who’d helped him heal from a broken leg. John wooed Chirpy to himself
with dog biscuits and was then able to nurse him back to health.
Though Chirpy only resides in Instow Beach in Devon, England, between
September and March, he and John Sumner find each other easily—Chirpy
flies straight to him when he arrives at the beach each day, though he
doesn’t approach any other human. It’s an uncommon relationship, to be
sure.

John and Chirpy’s bond reminds me of another uncommon relationship
between man and bird. When Elijah, one of God’s prophets, was sent
into the wilderness to “hide in the Kerith Ravine” during a time of
drought, God said he was to drink from the brook, and He’d send ravens
to supply him with food (1 Kings 17:3–4). Despite the difficult
circumstances and surroundings, Elijah would have his needs for food
and water met. Ravens were unlikely caterers—naturally feeding on
unseemly meals themselves—yet they brought Elijah wholesome food.

It may not surprise us that a man would help a bird, but when birds
provide for a man with “bread and meat in the morning and bread and
meat in the evening,” it can only be explained by God’s power and care
(v. 6). Like Elijah, we too can trust in His provision for us.

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

How has God provided for your needs in surprising ways? How has this
deepened your trust in Him?

Loving God, please help me to trust in You to meet my needs no matter
what my circumstances might be.
