http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/odb/feed/~3/LEOmBm1bTyo/

The One Who Understands

The Word became flesh and made his dwelling among us.
John 1:14

Today's Scripture: John 1:1–18

John Babler is the chaplain for the police and fire departments in his
Texas community. During a twenty-two-week sabbatical from his job, he
attended police academy training so that he could better understand
the situations law enforcement officers face. Through spending time
with the other cadets and learning about the intense challenges of the
profession, Babler gained a new sense of humility and empathy. In the
future, he hopes to be more effective as he counsels police officers
who struggle with emotional stress, fatigue, and loss.

We know that God understands the situations we face because He made us
and sees everything that happens to us. We also know He understands
because He has been to earth and experienced life as a human being. He
“became flesh and made his dwelling among us” as the person of Jesus
Christ (John 1:14).

Jesus’s earthly life included a wide range of difficulty. He felt the
searing heat of the sun, the pain of an empty stomach, and the
uncertainty of homelessness. Emotionally, He endured the tension of
disagreements, the burn of betrayal, and the ongoing threat of
violence.

Jesus experienced the joys of friendship and family love, as well as
the worst problems that we face here on earth. He provides hope. He is
the Wonderful Counselor who patiently listens to our concerns with
insight and care (Isa. 9:6). He is the One who can say, “I’ve been
through that. I understand.”

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

Dear Lord, thank You for caring enough to humble Yourself and come to
earth as a human being.

God understands the struggles we face.
