http://odb.org/2013/10/22/the-campaign/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Campaign

Let us pursue the things which make for peace and the things by which
one may edify another. —
Romans 14:19

Today's Scripture: Romans 15:1-7

Each year young people in our community participate in a “Be Nice”
campaign spearheaded by a mental health organization. In one of the
events in 2012, 6,000 students spelled out the words BE NICE with
their bodies on their schools’ sports fields. One principal said, “We
want students to come to school and learn without the distraction of
fear or sadness or uneasiness around their peers. We are working hard
to make sure students are lifting each other up, rather than tearing
each other down.”

Paul desired that the people in the church at Rome would have an even
higher standard of love. Both the strong and weak in the faith were
judging and showing contempt for each other (Rom. 14:1-12). They
despised one another as they argued about what foods were permissible
to eat (vv.2-3) and what holidays they should observe (vv.5-6). Paul
challenged them: “Let us pursue the things which make for peace and
the things by which one may edify another” (v.19). He reminded them
that their hearts should be concerned with pleasing others, not
pleasing themselves. He said, “Even Christ did not please Himself”
(15:3); He served.

Join the campaign that loves others despite our differences—you’ll
bring praise to God (v.7).

By:  Anne Cetas

Reflect & Pray

Dear Lord, I want to be a person who is kind and loving to others.
Please help me to use words that will build others up and bring praise
and glory to Your name.

Kindness is simply love flowing out in little gentlenesses.
