https://odb.org/2020/02/02/a-time-for-beauty/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Time for Beauty

A crown of beauty instead of ashes, the oil of joy instead of
mourning.
Isaiah 61:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 61:1–7

One January morning I woke expecting to see the same dreary midwinter
landscape that had greeted me for several weeks: beige grass poking
through patches of snow, gray skies, and skeletal trees. Something
unusual had happened overnight, though. A frost had coated everything
with ice crystals. The lifeless and depressing landscape had become a
beautiful scene that glistened in the sun and dazzled me.

Sometimes we view problems without the imagination it takes to have
faith. We expect pain, fear, and despair to greet us every morning,
but overlook the possibility of something different ever happening. We
don’t expect recovery, growth, or victory through God’s power. Yet the
Bible says God is the one who helps us through difficult times. He
repairs broken hearts and liberates people in bondage. He comforts the
grieving with “a crown of beauty instead of ashes, the oil of joy
instead of mourning, and a garment of praise instead of a spirit of
despair” (Isaiah 61:3).

It isn’t that God just wants to cheer us up when we have problems.
It’s that He Himself is our hope during trials. Even if we have to
wait for heaven to find ultimate relief, God is present with us,
encouraging us and often giving us glimpses of Himself. In our journey
through life, may we come to understand St. Augustine’s words: “In my
deepest wound I saw your glory, and it dazzled me.”

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

How can you turn to God when you’re in trouble? What rewards can come
from this practice?

Faithful God, give me the faith I need to make it through today and
help me to see You at work as I face adversity. To learn more about
helping people, visit christianuniversity.org/CC205.
