https://odb.org/2020/04/23/the-saddest-goose/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Saddest Goose

Though one may be overpowered, two can defend themselves. A cord of
three strands is not quickly broken.
Ecclesiastes 4:12

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ecclesiastes 4:9–12

Why is there a football in the parking lot? I wondered. But as I got
closer, I realized the greyish lump wasn’t a football: it was a
goose—the saddest Canada goose I’d ever seen.

Geese often congregate on the lawn near my workplace in the spring and
fall. But today there was only one, its neck arced back and its head
tucked beneath a wing. Where are your buddies? I thought. Poor thing
was all alone. It looked so lonely, I wanted to give it a hug. (Note:
don’t try this.)

I’ve rarely seen a goose completely alone like my lonesome feathered
friend. Geese are notably communal, flying in a V-formation to deflect
the wind. They’re made to be together.

As human beings, we were created for community too (see Genesis 2:18).
And in Ecclesiastes 4:10, Solomon describes how vulnerable we are when
we’re alone: “Pity anyone who falls and has no one to help them up.”
There’s strength in numbers, he added, for “though one may be
overpowered, two can defend themselves. A cord of three strands is not
quickly broken” (v. 12).

This is just as true for us spiritually as it is physically. God never
intended for us to “fly” alone, vulnerably isolated. We need
relationships with each other for encouragement, refreshment, and
growth (see also 1 Corinthians 12:21). During these extraordinary
days, due to the Covid-19 virus many of us have needed to practice
physical distancing to help contain the disease. But how we look
forward to the time we can meet face-to-face with our local church
families again!

Together, we can stand firm when life’s headwinds gust our
way. Together.

By:  Adam R. Holz

Reflect & Pray

What kinds of circumstances tempt you to go it alone? Who do you know
who could use a word of encouragement from you?

Loving God, help us to remember that You never meant us to fly solo,
but together with our brothers and sisters in Christ. Today, help us
to see and support someone in need of encouragement.
