https://odb.org/2020/05/19/where-choices-lead/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Where Choices Lead

The Lord watches over the way of the righteous.
Psalm 1:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 1

With no cell service and no trail map, we had just our memory of a
fixed map at the trailhead to guide us. More than an hour later, we
finally emerged from the woods into the parking lot. Having missed the
turn-off that would have made for a half-mile hike, we took a much
longer trek.

Life can be like that: we have to ask not simply if something is right
or wrong, but where it will lead. Psalm 1 compares two ways of
living—that of the righteous (those who love God) and that of the
wicked (the enemies of those who love God). The righteous flourish
like a tree, but the wicked blow away like chaff (vv. 3–4). This psalm
reveals what flourishing really looks like. The person who lives it
out is dependent on God for renewal and life.

So how do we become that kind of person? Among other things, Psalm 1
urges us to disengage from destructive relationships and unhealthy
habits and to delight in God’s instruction (v. 2). Ultimately, the
reason for our flourishing is God’s attentiveness to us: “The Lord
watches over the way of the righteous” (v. 6).

Commit your way to God, let Him redirect you from old patterns that
lead to nowhere, and allow the Scriptures to be the river that
nourishes the root system of your heart.

By:  Glenn Packiam

Reflect & Pray

What friendships or habits do you need to make a break from? How can
you create more time in your schedule to read the Bible?

Dear Jesus, give me the grace to turn away from the things leading me
down the wrong path. Lead me to the river of Your presence, and
nourish me with the Scriptures. Make my life faithful and fruitful for
Your honor.
