https://odb.org/2021/03/02/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Safe and Still

Whoever dwells in the shelter of the Most High will rest in the shadow
of the Almighty.
Psalm 91:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 91

As a full-of-energy preschooler, my son Xavier avoided afternoon quiet
time. Being still often resulted in an unwanted, though much-needed,
nap. So, he’d wiggle in his seat, slide off the sofa, scoot across the
hardwood floor, and even roll across the room to evade the quiet.
“Mom, I’m hungry . . . I’m thirsty . . . I have to go to the bathroom
. . . I want a hug.”

Understanding the benefits of stillness, I’d help Xavier settle down
by inviting him to snuggle. Leaning into my side, he’d give in to
sleep.

Early in my spiritual life, I mirrored my son’s desire to remain
active. Busyness made me feel accepted, important, and in control,
while noise distracted me from fretting over my shortcomings and
trials. Surrendering to rest only affirmed my frail humanity. So I
avoided stillness and silence, doubting God could handle things
without my help.

But He’s our refuge, no matter how many troubles or uncertainties
surround us. The path ahead may seem long, scary, or overwhelming, but
His love envelops us. He hears us, answers us, and stays with us . . .
now and forever into eternity (Psalm 91).

We can embrace the quiet and lean into God’s unfailing love and
constant presence. We can be still and rest in Him because we’re safe
under the shelter of His unchanging faithfulness (v. 4).

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

In what ways have you seen God’s protection in your life? How can you
face difficulties knowing that God has you under His wings?

Heavenly Father, thank You for providing a safe haven of unfailing
love. To learn more about growing spiritually in your walk with God,
visit ChristianUniversity.org/SF104.
