http://odb.org/2016/05/31/knowing-and-doing/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Knowing and Doing

With man this is impossible, but not with God; all things are possible
with God.
Mark 10:27

Today's Scripture & Insight: Mark 10:17-27

Chinese philosopher Han Feizi made this observation about life:
“Knowing the facts is easy. Knowing how to act based on the facts is
difficult.”

A rich man with that problem once came to Jesus. He knew the law of
Moses and believed he had kept the commandments since his youth (Mark
10:20). But he seems to be wondering what additional facts he might
hear from Jesus. “ ‘Good teacher,’ he asked, ‘what must I do to
inherit eternal life?’ ” (v. 17).

Jesus’ answer disappointed the rich man. He told him to sell his
possessions, give the money to the poor, and follow Him (v. 21). With
these few words Jesus exposed a fact the man didn’t want to hear. He
loved and relied on his wealth more than he trusted Jesus. Abandoning
the security of his money to follow Jesus was too great a risk, and he
went away sad (v. 22).

What was the Teacher thinking? His own disciples were alarmed and
asked, “Who then can be saved?” He replied, “With man this is
impossible, but not with God; all things are possible with God” (v.
27). It takes courage and faith. “If you declare with your mouth,
‘Jesus is Lord,’ and believe in your heart that God raised him from
the dead, you will be saved” (Rom. 10:9).

By:  Poh Fang Chia

Reflect & Pray

God, thank You for the good news of Jesus. Give us the courage to act
on what we know to be true, and to accept the salvation offered
through Jesus. Thank You that You will give us the strength to act on
the facts.

Believe in the Lord Jesus, and you will be saved. Acts 16:31
