http://odb.org/2005/06/03/ill-pay-you-later/

I'll Pay You Later

You shall be repaid at the resurrection of the just. —
Luke 14:14

Today's Scripture: Luke 14:7-14

Suppose a boss were to say to an employee, “We really appreciate what
you’re doing around here, but we’ve decided to change the way we pay
you. Starting today, we’re going to pay you later—after you retire.”
Would the employee jump for joy? Of course not. That’s not the way
things work in this world. We like our payment now—or at least every
payday.

Did you know that God promises to “pay” us later—much later? And He
asks us to be happy about it!

Jesus suggested that our ultimate reward for the good things we do in
His name comes after we die. In Luke 14, Jesus said that if we care
for the poor, the lame, and the blind, our reward for such kindness
will come at the resurrection of the righteous (Luke 14:14). He also
said that if we are persecuted, we should “rejoice in that day and
leap for joy! For indeed [our] reward is great in heaven” (6:22-23).
Surely, the Lord gives us comfort, love, and guidance today, but what
wonderful things He has planned for us in the future!

This may not be the way we would have planned it; we don’t enjoy
waiting for things. But imagine how glorious it will be when we
receive our rewards in Jesus’ presence. What a grand time we’ll have
as we enjoy what God has reserved for later.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

Beyond earth's sorrows, the joys of heaven, Eternal blessings with
Christ my Lord; Earth's weeping ended, earth's trials over, Sweet rest
in Jesus, O blest reward! —Gilmore

What is done for Christ in this life will be rewarded in the life to
come.
