https://odb.org/2021/03/05/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Who Knows?

When times are good, be happy; but when times are bad, consider this:
God has made the one as well as the other.
Ecclesiastes 7:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ecclesiastes 6:12; 7:13–14

According to Chinese legend, when Sai Weng lost one of his prized
horses, his neighbor expressed sorrow for his loss. But Sai Weng was
unconcerned. He said, “Who knows if it may be a good thing for me?”
Surprisingly, the lost horse returned home with another horse. As the
neighbor congratulated him, Sai Weng said, “Who knows if it may be a
bad thing for me?” As it turned out, his son broke his leg when he
rode on the new horse. This seemed like a misfortune, until the army
arrived at the village to recruit all able-bodied men to fight in the
war. Because of the son’s injury, he wasn’t recruited, which
ultimately could have spared him from death.

This is the story behind the Chinese proverb which teaches that a
difficulty can be a blessing in disguise and vice versa. This ancient
wisdom has a close parallel in Ecclesiastes 6:12, where the author
observes: “Who knows what is good for a person in life?” Indeed, none
of us know what the future holds. An adversity might have positive
benefits, and prosperity might have ill effects.

Each day offers new opportunities, joys, struggles, and suffering. As
God’s beloved children, we can rest in His sovereignty and trust Him
through the good and bad times alike. God has “made the one as well as
the other” (7:14). He’s with us in all the events in our lives and
promises His loving care.

By:  Poh Fang Chia

Reflect & Pray

Can you think of an example where a misfortune turned out to be a
blessing? How can you keep your focus on God in good times as well as
in bad times?

Sovereign God, thank You for ordering my life. Help me to praise You
in both good and bad times, believing that You work all things for the
ultimate good of those who love You.
