https://odb.org/2020/11/16/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Borrowed Shoes

Serve one another humbly in love.
Galatians 5:13

Today's Scripture & Insight: Galatians 5:13–26

In the chaos of fleeing his home during the California wildfires of
2018, Gabe, a high school senior, missed the state-qualifying cross-
country race for which he’d been training. Missing this meet meant he
wouldn’t have the chance to compete at the state meet—the culminating
event of his four-year running career. In light of the circumstances,
the state athletics board gave Gabe another chance: he’d have to run a
qualifying time by himself, on a rival high school’s track, in “street
shoes” because his running shoes were in the charred rubble of his
home. When he showed up to “race,” Gabe was surprised by his
competitors who’d come to supply him with proper shoes and to run
alongside him to ensure he kept the pace necessary to be entered in
the state meet.

Gabe’s opponents had no obligation to help him. They could have given
into their natural desires to look out for themselves (Galatians
5:13); doing so might have improved their own odds of winning. But
Paul urges us to display the fruit of the Spirit in our lives—to
“serve one another humbly in love” and to demonstrate “kindness” and
“goodness” (vv. 13, 22). When we lean on the Spirit to help us not act
on our natural instincts, we’re better able to love those around us.

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

How are you showing the “fruit of the Spirit” in the way you treat
others? How can you better love your “neighbor”?

Dear God, my natural desire is to look out for myself. Help me to
serve others out of love for You.
