http://odb.org/2016/07/04/join-the-cry/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Join the Cry

I urge . . . that petitions, prayers, intercession and thanksgiving be
made for all people.
1 Timothy 2:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 122:6–9

A women’s prayer group in my country holds regular monthly prayer
sessions for Ghana and other African countries. When asked why they
pray so incessantly for the nations, their leader, Gifty Dadzie,
remarked, “Look around, listen to and watch the news. Our nations are
hurting: war, disaster, diseases, and violence threaten to overshadow
God’s love for humanity and His blessing upon us. We believe God
intervenes in the affairs of nations, so we praise Him for His
blessings and cry for His intervention.”

The Bible reveals that God indeed intervenes in the affairs of nations
(2 Chron. 7:14). And when God intervenes, He uses ordinary people. We
may not be assigned huge tasks, but we can play our part to help bring
about peace and the righteousness that exalts a nation (Prov. 14:34).
We can do that through prayer. The apostle Paul wrote, “I urge, then,
first of all, that petitions, prayers, intercession and thanksgiving
be made for all people—for kings and all those in authority, that we
may live peaceful and quiet lives in all godliness and holiness” (1
Tim. 2:1–2).

As the psalmist exhorted the ancient Israelites to “pray for the peace
of Jerusalem” (Ps. 122:6), so may we pray for the peace and healing of
our nations. When we pray in humility, turn from wickedness, and seek
God, He hears us.

By:  Lawrence Darmani

Reflect & Pray

Lord, we pray today for the peace of our nations. We ask for Your
intervention as we turn to You in confession and repentance. We praise
You for Your blessing and Your provision.

Prayer for those in authority is both a privilege and a duty.
