https://odb.org/2018/10/12/safe-in-his-arms-3/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Safe in His Arms

He tends his flock like a shepherd: He gathers the lambs in his arms
and carries them close to his heart.
Isaiah 40:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 40:9–11

The weather outside was threatening, and the alert on my cell phone
warned about the possibility of flash floods. An unusual number of
cars were parked in my neighborhood as parents and others gathered to
pick up children at the school bus drop-off point. By the time the bus
arrived, it had started to rain. That’s when I observed a woman exit
her car and retrieve an umbrella from the trunk. She walked towards a
little girl and made sure the child was shielded from the rain until
they returned to the vehicle. What a beautiful “real time” picture of
parental, protective care that reminded me of the care of our heavenly
Father.

The prophet Isaiah forecast punishment for disobedience followed by
brighter days for God’s people (Isaiah 40:1–8). The heavenly dispatch
from the mountain (v. 9) assured the Israelites of God’s mighty
presence and tender care. The good news, then and now, is that because
of God’s power and ruling authority, anxious hearts need not fear (vv.
9–10). Included in the announcement was news about the Lord’s
protection, the kind of protection shepherds provide (v. 11):
vulnerable young sheep would find safety in the Shepherd’s arms;
nursing ewes would be led gently.

In a world where circumstances aren’t always easy, such images of
safety and care compel us to look confidently to the Lord. Those who
trust wholeheartedly in the Lord find security and renewed strength in
Him (v. 31).

By:  Arthur Jackson

Reflect & Pray

Father, in a world where we are sometimes threatened, we are comforted
because of Your gracious care for us—in and through the Lord Jesus
Christ.

The good news is that God cares for us!
