http://odb.org/2015/11/19/as-it-is-written/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

As It Is Written

[They] built the altar . . . to offer burnt offerings on it, as it is
written. —nkjv
Ezra 3:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ezra 3:1-6

When it comes to putting things together—electronics, furniture, and
the like—my son and I have differing approaches. Steve is more
mechanically inclined, so he tends to toss the instructions aside and
just start in. Meanwhile, I’m poring over the “Read This Before
Starting” warning while he has already put the thing halfway together.

Sometimes we can get by without the instructions. But when it comes to
putting together a life that reflects the goodness and wisdom of God,
we can’t afford to ignore the directions He’s given to us in the
Bible.

The Israelites who had returned to their land after the Babylonian
captivity are a good example of this. As they began to reestablish
worship in their homeland, they prepared to do so “in accordance with
what is written in the Law of Moses” (Ezra 3:2). By building a proper
altar and in celebrating the Feast of Tabernacles as prescribed by God
in Leviticus 23:33-43, they did exactly what God’s directions told
them to do.

Christ gave His followers some directions too. He said, “Love the Lord
your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your
mind.” And “love your neighbor as yourself” (Matt. 22:37,39). When we
believe in Him and come to Him, He shows us the way to live. The One
who made us knows far better than we do how life is supposed to work.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

Remind us, Lord, as we start each day that You have already shown us
by Your example how to live. Help us to read Your Word and follow the
directions You so graciously provide for us. Share this prayer from
our Facebook page with your friends. facebook.com/ourdailybread

If we want God to lead us, we must be willing to follow Him.
