https://odb.org/2017/09/25/apart-but-not-abandoned/?utm_source=feedbur
ner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread
%29

Apart but Not Abandoned

Now I commit you to God and to the word of his grace, which can build
you up.
Acts 20:32

Today's Scripture & Insight: Acts 20:17–20, 35–38

I had a lump in my throat as I said good-bye to my niece on the eve of
her move to Massachusetts to attend graduate school at Boston
University. Though she had been away four years as an undergraduate,
she hadn’t left our state. A two and a one-half-hour drive easily
reunited us. Now she would be more than 800 miles away. No longer
would we meet regularly to talk. I had to trust that God would take
care of her.

Paul likely felt the same way as he said good-bye to the elders of the
church in Ephesus. Having established the church and taught them for
three years, Paul concluded these elders to be as close as family to
him. Now that Paul was headed to Jerusalem, he would not see them
again.

But Paul had parting advice for the Ephesians. Though they would no
longer have Paul as their teacher, the Ephesians did not have to feel
abandoned. God would continue to train them through “the word of his
grace” (Acts 20:32) to lead the church. Unlike Paul, God would always
be with them.

Whether it’s children we launch from the nest or other family and
friends who move away—saying good-bye can be very difficult. They move
beyond our influence and into their new lives. When we let go of their
hands, we can trust that God has them in His. He can continue to shape
their lives and meet their real needs—more than we ever could.

By:  Linda Washington

Reflect & Pray

Lord, help us to trust that Your watchful care extends over those we
hold dear who are far away from us.

Though we’re far away from those we love, they are never far from God.
