https://odb.org/2020/08/29/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Ultimate Wave

The gospel is bearing fruit and growing.
Colossians 1:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: Colossians 1:1–8

People love doing “the wave.” At sporting events and concerts around
the world, it begins when a few people stand and raise their hands. A
moment later, those seated beside them do the same. The goal is to
have one sequential flowing movement work its way around an entire
stadium. Once it reaches the end, those who started it smile and
cheer—and keep the movement going.

The first recorded incident of the wave occurred at a professional
baseball game between the Oakland Athletics and the New York Yankees
in 1981. I love joining in the wave because it’s fun. But it’s also
occurred to me that the happiness and togetherness we experience while
doing it is reminiscent of the gospel—the good news of salvation in
Jesus that unites believers everywhere in praise and hope. This
“ultimate wave” started over twenty centuries ago in Jerusalem.
Writing to the members of the church in Colossae, Paul described it
this way: “The gospel is bearing fruit and growing throughout the
whole world—just as it has been doing among you since the day you
heard it” (Colossians 1:6). The natural result of this good news is
“faith and love that spring from the hope stored up for [us] in
heaven” (v. 5).

As believers in Jesus, we’re part of the greatest wave in history.
Keep it going! Once it’s done, we’ll see the smile of the One who
started it all.

By:  James Banks

Reflect & Pray

From whom did you first hear the good news of Jesus? How can you share
it with another person close to you this week?

I praise You for the wonderful gift of my salvation, Father. Please
send me to someone who needs to hear of Your kindness today!
