https://odb.org/2018/12/16/mirrors-and-hearers/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Mirrors and Hearers

Whoever looks intently into the perfect law that gives freedom, and
continues in it . . . will be blessed in what they do.
James 1:25

Today's Scripture & Insight: James 1:16–27

When I emerged from my hotel in Kampala, Uganda, my hostess, who had
come to pick me up for our seminar, looked at me with an amused grin.
“What’s so funny?” I inquired. She laughed and asked, “Did you comb
your hair?” It was my turn to laugh, for I had indeed forgotten to
comb my hair. I’d looked at my reflection in the hotel mirror. How
come I took no notice of what I saw?

In a practical analogy, James gives us a useful dimension to make our
study of Scripture more beneficial. We look in the mirror to examine
ourselves to see if anything needs correction—hair combed, face
washed, shirt properly buttoned. Like a mirror, the Bible helps us to
examine our character, attitude, thoughts, and behavior (James
1:23–24). This enables us to align our lives according to the
principles of what God has revealed. We will “keep a tight rein” on
our tongues (v. 26) and “look after orphans and widows” (v. 27). We
will pay heed to God’s Holy Spirit within us and keep ourselves “from
being polluted by the world” (v. 27).

When we look attentively into “the perfect law that gives freedom” and
apply it to our lives, we will be blessed in what we do (v. 25). As we
look into the mirror of Scripture, we can “humbly accept the word
planted in [us]” (v. 21).

By:  Lawrence Darmani

Reflect & Pray

Heavenly Father, “open my eyes that I may see wonderful things in your
law” (Psalm 119:18). Help me to order my life according to what You
show me in Scripture.

As a mirror reflects our image, the Bible reveals our inner being.
