http://odb.org/2016/02/02/leave-a-legacy/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Leave a Legacy

Even the Son of Man did not come to be served, but to serve.
Mark 10:45

Today's Scripture: 2 Chronicles 21:4-20

When a road-construction foreman was killed in an accident, the love
of this man for his family, co-workers, and community resulted in an
overwhelming sense of loss. His country church couldn’t accommodate
all the mourners, so planners moved the service to a much larger
building. Friends and family packed the auditorium! The message was
clear: Tim touched many lives in a way uniquely his. So many would
miss his kindness, sense of humor, and enthusiasm for life.

As I returned from the funeral, I thought about the life of King
Jehoram. What a contrast! His brief reign of terror is traced in 2
Chronicles 21. To solidify his power, Jehoram killed his own brothers
and other leaders (v. 4). Then he led Judah into idol worship. The
record tells us, “He passed away, to no one’s regret” (v. 20). Jehoram
thought that brute force would ensure his legacy. It did. He is
forever commemorated in Scripture as an evil man and a self-centered
leader.

Although Jesus also was a king, He came to Earth to be a servant. As
He went about doing good, He endured the hatred of those who grasped
for power. In the process, this Servant-King gave His life away.

Today, Jesus lives along with His legacy. That legacy includes those
who understand that life isn’t just about themselves. It’s about
Jesus—the One who longs to wrap His strong, forgiving arms around
anyone who turns to Him.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Lord, in Your death as well as in Your life, You did the will of Your
Father and served others. In some small way, help us to serve others
with our lives today.

A life lived for God leaves a lasting legacy.
