https://odb.org/2019/07/28/plodding-for-god/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Plodding for God

We want each of you to show this same diligence to the very end.
Hebrews 6:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: Hebrews 6:9–12

Those raised in the English village with William Carey (1761–1834)
probably thought he wouldn’t accomplish much, but today he’s known as
the father of modern missions. Born to parents who were weavers, he
became a not-too-successful teacher and cobbler while teaching himself
Greek, Hebrew, and Latin. After many years, he realized his dream of
becoming a missionary to India. But he faced hardship, including his
child’s death, his wife’s mental-health problems, and for many years
the lack of response from those he served.

What kept him serving amid difficulties as he translated the entire
Bible into six languages and parts of it into twenty-nine others? “I
can plod,” he said. “I can persevere in any definite pursuit.” He
committed to serving God no matter what trials he encountered.

This continued devotion to Christ is what the writer to the Hebrews
counseled. He called for those reading his letter to not “become lazy”
(Hebrews 6:12), but to “show this same diligence to the very end” (v.
11) as they sought to honor God. He reassured them that God “will not
forget your work and the love you have shown” (v. 10).

During William Carey’s later years, he reflected on how God
consistently supplied his needs. “He has never failed in His promise,
so I cannot fail in my service to Him.” May God also empower us to
serve Him day by day.

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

How has God helped you to keep on going in your service for Him? In
what way can you help someone else in their struggles?

Lord God, help me to follow You—when I face challenges and enjoy good
times. May I know the assurance that You are always with me.
