http://odb.org/2014/08/06/broken-but-beautiful/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Broken But Beautiful

[The vessel] was marred . . . ; so he made it again into another
vessel, as it seemed good to the potter to make. —
Jeremiah 18:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: Jeremiah 18:1-6

Recently, my daughter showed me her collection of sea glass. Also
known as beach glass, the varied bits of colored glass are sometimes
pieces of pottery but often they are pieces of shattered glass
bottles. Originally the glass had a purpose, but then it was casually
thrown away and became broken.

If the discarded glass ends up in an ocean, its journey is just
beginning. As it is relentlessly tossed about by currents and tides,
its jagged edges are ground down by the sand and waves and eventually
are smoothed away and rounded off. The result is something beautiful.
The jewel-like sea glass has found new life and is treasured by
collectors and artists.

In a similar way, a broken life can be renewed when it is touched by
God’s love and grace. In the Old Testament, we read that when the
prophet Jeremiah watched a potter working, he noticed that if an
object was marred the potter simply reshaped it (Jer. 18:1-6). God
explained that in His hands the people of ancient Israel were like
clay, which He would shape as He saw best.

We are never too badly broken for God to reshape. He loves us in spite
of our imperfections and past mistakes, and He desires to make us
beautiful.

By:  Cindy Hess Kasper

Reflect & Pray

Have Thine own way, Lord! Have Thine own way! Thou art the Potter, I
am the clay; Mold me and make me after Thy will, While I am waiting,
yielded and still. —Pollard

When melted by trial, we can be fully molded by the Potter.
