https://odb.org/2020/07/21/a-royal-role/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Royal Role

To all who did receive him, to those who believed in his name, he gave
the right to become children of God.
John 1:12

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 1:9–14

The closer someone in a royal family is to the throne, the more the
public hears about him or her. Others are almost forgotten. The
British royal family has a line of succession that includes nearly
sixty people. One of them is Lord Frederick Windsor, who’s forty-ninth
in line for the throne. Instead of being in the limelight, he quietly
goes about his life. Though he works as a financial analyst, he’s not
considered a “working royal”—one of the important family members who
are paid for representing the family.

David’s son Nathan (2 Samuel 5:14) is another royal who lived outside
the limelight. Very little is known about him. But while the genealogy
of Jesus in Matthew mentions his son Solomon (tracing Joseph’s line,
Matthew 1:6), Luke’s genealogy, which many scholars believe is Mary’s
family line, mentions Nathan (Luke 3:31). Though Nathan didn’t hold a
scepter, he still had a role in God’s forever kingdom.

As believers in Christ, we’re also royalty. The apostle John wrote
that God gave us “the right to become children of God” (John 1:12).
Though we may not be in the spotlight, we’re children of the King! God
considers each of us important enough to represent Him here on earth
and to one day reign with Him (2 Timothy 2:11–13). Like Nathan, we may
not wear an earthly crown, but we still have a part to play in God’s
kingdom.

By:  Linda Washington

Reflect & Pray

How does knowing you’re royalty—God’s child—make you feel? As a child
of the King, what do you see as your responsibilities to the people
around you?

Heavenly Father, I’m grateful that You adopted me into Your forever
family.
