https://odb.org/2019/04/14/hope-restored/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Hope Restored

When Jesus saw him lying there . . . , he asked him, “Do you want to
get well?”
John 5:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 5:1–8

Does the sun rise in the east? Is the sky blue? Is the ocean salty? Is
the atomic weight of cobalt 58.9? Okay, that last one you might only
know if you’re a science geek or tend to dabble in trivia, but the
other questions have an obvious answer: Yes. In fact, questions like
these are usually mixed with a hint of sarcasm.

If we’re not careful, our modern—sometimes jaded—ears can hear a bit
of sarcasm in Jesus’s question to an invalid: “Do you want to get
well?” (John 5:6). The obvious answer would seem to be, “Are you
kidding me?! I’ve been wanting help for thirty-eight years!” But
there’s no sarcasm present, that’s the furthest thing from the truth.
Jesus’s voice is always filled with compassion, and His questions are
always posed for our good.

Jesus knew the man wanted to get well. He also knew it had probably
been a long time since anyone had made an offer to care. Before the
divine miracle, Jesus’s intent was to restore in him a hope that had
grown cold. He did this by asking a rather obvious question, and then
giving ways to respond: “Get up! Pick up your mat and walk” (v. 8).
We’re like the invalid, each of us with places in our lives where hope
has withered. He sees us and compassionately invites us to believe in
hope again, to believe in Him.

By:  John Blase

Reflect & Pray

In what ways has your hope grown cold? How has Jesus revealed His
compassion to you?

Jesus, there are places in my life where hope has grown weak and cold,
or even dead. You know this. You also know I want to hope again, I
truly do. Restore to me the joy of hope, a hope born by trusting You.
