https://odb.org/2021/03/17/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

It’s Jesus!

God has chosen to make known . . . the glorious riches of this
mystery, which is Christ in you, the hope of glory.
Colossians 1:27

Today's Scripture & Insight: Colossians 1:27–29; 2:6–10

During an episode of the popular US television talent competition
America’s Got Talent, a five-year-old girl sang with such exuberance
that a judge compared her to a famous child singer and dancer in the
1930s. He remarked, “I think Shirley Temple is living somewhere inside
of you.” Her unexpected response: “Not Shirley Temple. Jesus!”

I marveled at the young girl’s deep awareness that her joy came from
Jesus living in her. Scripture assures us of the amazing reality that
all who trust in Him not only receive the promise of eternal life with
God but also Jesus’ presence living in them through His Spirit—our
hearts become Jesus’ home (Colossians 1:27; Ephesians 3:17).

Jesus’ presence in our hearts fills us with countless reasons for
gratitude (Colossians 2:6–7). He brings the ability to live with
purpose and energy (1:28–29). He cultivates joy in our hearts in the
midst of all circumstances, in both times of celebration and times of
struggle (Philippians 4:12–13). Christ’s Spirit provides hope to our
hearts that God is working all things together for good, even when we
can’t see it (Romans 8:28). And the Spirit gives a peace that persists
regardless of the chaos swirling around us (Colossians 3:15).

With the confidence that comes from Jesus living in our hearts, we can
allow His presence to shine through so that others can’t help but
notice.

By:  Lisa M. Samra

Reflect & Pray

What blessing of Jesus’ presence in your life encourages you today?
How might you share Him as the reason for your hope and joy?

Jesus, thank You for making my heart Your home. Please help my life to
reflect Your presence.   To learn more about Jesus and who He is,
visit ChristianUniversity.org/NT111.
