https://odb.org/2019/09/28/just-the-office/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

“Just the Office”?

I pray that the eyes of your heart may be enlightened in order that
you may know the hope to which he has called you.
Ephesians 1:18

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ephesians 1:15–23

I gazed out at the rolling, green hills in Lancashire in northern
England, noticing the stone fences enclosing some sheep dotted around
the hills. Puffy clouds moved across the bright sky, and I inhaled
deeply, drinking in the sight. When I remarked about the beautiful
scene to the woman working at the retreat center I was visiting, she
said, “You know, I never used to notice it before our guests would
point it out. We’ve lived here for years; and when we were farmers,
this was just the office!”

We can easily miss the gift of what’s right in front of us, especially
beauty that’s part of our everyday lives. We can also easily miss the
beautiful ways God works in and around us daily. But believers in
Jesus can ask God’s Spirit to open our spiritual eyes so we can
understand how He’s at work, as the apostle Paul wrote in his letter
to the Ephesian believers. Paul yearned that God would give them the
wisdom and revelation to know Him better (Ephesians 1:17). He prayed
that their hearts would be enlightened so that they’d know God’s hope,
promised future, and power (vv. 18–19).

God’s gift of the Spirit of Christ can awaken us to His work in us and
through us. With Him, what may have once seemed like “just the office”
can be understood as a place that displays His light and glory.

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

Where do you see God at work around you? How does seeing the world
through spiritual eyes help?

Jesus, shine Your light on me and open my eyes and my heart to better
understand Your goodness and Your grace. I want to receive Your love.
