https://odb.org/2017/05/20/finding-the-way-out/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Finding the Way Out

God is faithful; he will not let you be tempted beyond what you can
bear. But when you are tempted, he will also provide a way out so that
you can endure it.
1 Corinthians 10:13

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Corinthians 10:1–13

There’s a street with an intriguing name in the city of Santa Barbara,
California. It’s called “Salsipuedes,” which means “leave if you can.”
When the street was first named, the area bordered on a marsh that
sometimes flooded, and the Spanish-speaking city planners dubbed the
location with a not-so-subtle warning to stay away.

God’s Word cautions us to stay away from the “wrong road” of sin and
temptation: “Avoid it, do not travel on it; turn from it and go on
your way” (Prov. 4:15). But Scripture doesn’t just say “leave if you
can.” It offers assurance and tells us where to turn: “God is
faithful; he will not let you be tempted beyond what you can bear. But
when you are tempted, he will also provide a way out so that you can
endure it” (1 Cor. 10:13).

The promise that God will not allow us to be tempted above our ability
to withstand is an encouraging reminder. When we turn to God in the
moments when temptation comes, we know He is more than willing to help
us stay away.

The Bible affirms that Jesus is able “to empathize with our
weaknesses.” But He was “tempted in every way, just as we are—yet he
did not sin” (Heb. 4:15). Jesus knows the way out of every temptation.
He will show us as we run to Him!

By:  James Banks

Reflect & Pray

Thank You, Lord, for Your promise to be faithful to me and provide a
way out whenever I face temptation. I praise You that You are willing
to give me all the strength I need!

God promises to help us when we are tempted.
