https://odb.org/2021/04/02/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Cost

When he had received the drink, Jesus said, “It is finished.” With
that, he bowed his head and gave up his spirit.
John 19:30

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 19:25–30

Michelangelo’s works explored many facets of the life of Jesus, yet
one of the most poignant was also one of the most simple. In the 1540s
he sketched a pieta (a picture of Jesus’ mother holding the body of
the dead Christ) for his friend Vittoria Colonna. Done in chalk, the
drawing depicts Mary looking to the heavens as she cradles her Son’s
still form. Rising behind Mary, the upright beam of the cross carries
these words from Dante’s Paradise, “There they don’t think of how much
blood it costs.” Michelangelo’s point was profound: when we
contemplate the death of Jesus, we must consider the price He paid.

The price paid by Christ is captured in His dying declaration, “It is
finished” (John 19:30). The term for “it is finished” (tetelestai) was
used in several ways—to show a bill had been paid, a task finished, a
sacrifice offered, a masterpiece completed. Each of them applies to
what Jesus did on our behalf on the cross! Perhaps that’s why the
apostle Paul wrote, “May I never boast except in the cross of our Lord
Jesus Christ, through which the world has been crucified to me, and I
to the world” (Galatians 6:14).

Jesus’ willingness to take our place is the eternal evidence of how
much God loves us. As we contemplate the price He paid, may we also
celebrate His love—and give thanks for the cross.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

How could each meaning of tetelestai be applied to the cross of Jesus
and what He accomplished there? Why does each one have meaning to you?

Father, when I consider the sacrifice Jesus made on my behalf, I am
humbled and deeply grateful. Thank You for Jesus, and thank You for
the cross.
