https://odb.org/2019/07/04/every-story-whispers-his-name/?utm_source=f
eedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily
+Bread%29

Every Story

Beginning with Moses and all the Prophets, he explained to them what
was said in all the Scriptures concerning himself.
Luke 24:27

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 24:17–27

I opened the whimsically illustrated children’s Bible and began to
read to my grandson. Immediately we were enthralled as the story of
God’s love and provision unfurled in prose. Marking our place, I
turned the book over and read the title once again: The Jesus
Storybook Bible: Every Story Whispers His Name.

Every story whispers His name.

To be honest, sometimes the Bible, especially the Old Testament, is
hard to understand. Why do those who don’t know God seem to triumph
over God’s own? How can God permit such cruelty when we know that His
character is pure and that His purposes are for our good?

After His resurrection, Jesus met two followers on the road to Emmaus
who didn’t recognize Him and were struggling with disappointment over
the death of their hoped-for Messiah (Luke 24:19–24). They had “hoped
that he was the one who was going to redeem Israel” (v. 21). Luke then
records how Jesus reassured them: “Beginning with Moses and all the
Prophets, [Jesus] explained to them what was said in all the
Scriptures concerning himself” (v. 27).

Every story whispers His name, even the hard stories, because they
reveal the comprehensive brokenness of our world and our need for a
Rescuer. Every act, every event, every intervention points to the
redemption God designed for His wayward loved ones: to bring us back
to Himself.

By:  Elisa Morgan

Reflect & Pray

How is God’s rescue at work in your life? What stories trouble you
today? In what ways (however small) can you see God at work in them?

Dear God, help me listen as You whisper Your name through the stories
of Scripture. Every story.
