https://odb.org/2020/09/26/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Promise-Keeper

After waiting patiently, Abraham received what was promised.
Hebrews 6:15

Today's Scripture & Insight: Hebrews 6:13–20

Gripped by the gravity of the promises he was making to LaShonne,
Jonathan found himself stumbling as he repeated his wedding vows. He
thought, How can I make these promises and not believe they’re
possible to keep? He made it through the ceremony, but the weight of
his commitments remained. After the reception, Jonathan led his wife
to the chapel where he prayed—for more than two hours—that God would
help him keep his promise to love and care for LaShonne.

Jonathan’s wedding-day fears were based on the recognition of his
human frailties. But God, who promised to bless the nations through
Abraham’s offspring (Galatians 3:16), has no such limitations. To
challenge his Jewish Christian audience to perseverance and patience
to continue in their faith in Jesus, the writer of Hebrews recalled
God’s promises to Abraham, the patriarch’s patient waiting, and the
fulfillment of what had been promised (Hebrews 6:13–15). Abraham and
Sarah’s status as senior citizens was no barrier to the fulfillment of
God’s promise to give Abraham “many descendants” (v. 14).

Are you challenged to trust God despite being weak, frail, and human?
Are you struggling to keep your commitments, to fulfill your pledges
and vows? In 2 Corinthians 12:9, God promises to help us: “My grace is
sufficient for you, for my power is made perfect in weakness.” For
more than thirty-six years God has helped Jonathan and LaShonne to
remain committed to their vows. Why not trust Him to help you?

By:  Arthur Jackson

Reflect & Pray

Why do we find God’s promises to help us difficult to embrace? What
promises are you challenged to keep in this season of your life?

God, thank You for being faithful in Your commitments to me. Help me
to be faithful in my commitments to You and others.
