https://odb.org/2021/01/23/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Deepest Places

I am worn out from my groaning.
Psalm 6:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 6

Victor Hugo (1802–1885), a poet and novelist during the social and
political upheavals of nineteenth-century France, is perhaps best
known for his classic Les Miserables. Over a century later, a musical
adaptation of his novel has become one of our generation’s most
popular productions. This shouldn’t surprise us. As Hugo once said,
“Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is
impossible to be silent.”

The psalmists would have agreed. Their songs and prayers provide us
with honest reflections on life and its inevitable pain. They touch us
in places we find difficult to access. For example, in Psalm 6:6 David
cries out, “I am worn out from my groaning. All night long I flood my
bed with weeping and drench my couch with tears.”

The fact that such raw honesty is included in the inspired songs of
the Scriptures gives us great encouragement. It invites us to bring
our fears to God, who welcomes us into His presence for comfort and
help. He embraces us in our heartfelt honesty.

Music can give us the ability to express our feelings when words are
hard to come by, but whether that expression is sung, prayed, or
silently cried, our God reaches into the deepest places in our hearts
and gives us His peace.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

How would you characterize your prayer life? How does it make you feel
to realize that God Himself allows you to come into His presence just
as you are?

Thank You, loving God, for welcoming me with all my pain, fear,
struggle, and disappointment. Thank You that You don’t want “correct”
or “sanitized” prayers, but my honest heart instead.
