https://odb.org/2019/01/08/an-alternative-to-worry/?utm_source=feedbur
ner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread
%29

An Alternative to Worry

Can any one of you by worrying add a single hour to your life?
Matthew 6:27

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 6:25–34

A law-abiding, honest man received a voicemail that said, “This is
officer _______ from the police department. Please call me at this
number.” Immediately the man began to worry—afraid that somehow he had
done something wrong. He was afraid to return the call, and he even
spent sleepless nights running through possible scenarios—worried that
he was in some kind of trouble. The officer never called back, but it
took weeks for the worry to go away.

Jesus asked an interesting question about worry: “Can any one of you
by worrying add a single hour to your life?” (Matthew 6:27). Perhaps
this can help us rethink our tendency to worry, because it suggests
that it doesn’t help the situation we’re concerned about.

When problems are on the horizon for us, maybe we can try the
following two-step approach: Take action and trust in God. If we can
do something to avoid the problem, let’s try that route. We can pray
for God to guide us to an action we should take. But if there’s
nothing we can do, we can take comfort in knowing that God never finds
Himself in such a predicament. He can always act on our behalf. We can
always turn our situation over to Him in trust and confidence.

When it feels like time to worry, may we turn to the inspired words of
King David, who faced his own share of difficulties and worries, but
concluded: “Cast your cares on the Lord and he will sustain you”
(Psalm 55:22). What a great alternative to worry!

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

What worries do you need to give to God today?

Father, You know what faces me today. I am turning my cares over to
You. Please strengthen me and help me to trust You with the struggles
I face.
