https://odb.org/2020/09/05/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

God Understands

Great is our Lord and mighty in power; his understanding has no limit.
Psalm 147:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 147:1–11

After a recent move, Mabel’s seven-year-old son, Ryan, fussed as he
prepared to attend a summer camp at his new school. Mabel encouraged
him, assuring him that she understood change was hard. But one
morning, Ryan’s out-of-character grumpiness seemed excessive. With
compassion, Mabel asked, “What’s bothering you, Son?”

Staring out of the window, Ryan shrugged. “I don’t know, Mom. I just
have too many feelings.”

Mabel’s heart ached as she comforted him. Desperate for a way to help
him, she shared that the move was hard for her too. She assured Ryan
that God would stay close, that He knows everything, even when they
couldn’t understand or voice their frustrations. “Let’s set up a visit
with your friends before school starts,” she said. They made plans,
grateful that God understands even when His children have “too many
feelings.”

The writer of Psalm 147 experienced overwhelming emotions throughout
his faith journey and recognized the benefits of praising the all-
knowing Maker and Sustainer of all, the Healer of physical and
emotional wounds (vv. 1–6). He praised God for the ways He provides
and “delights in those who fear him, who put their hope in his
unfailing love” (v. 11).

When we’re struggling to make sense of our emotions, we don’t have to
feel alone or discouraged. We can rest in the unlimited understanding
of our unchanging, loving God.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

How does knowing God understands your most intimate needs help you
trust Him while you process your emotions? What emotions seem most
difficult for you to place into God’s mighty and merciful hands?

Sovereign God, thank You for assuring me that You understand and care
about my emotional and physical needs.
