https://odb.org/2019/10/13/worth-the-wait-2/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Worth the Wait

We eagerly await a Savior.
Philippians 3:20

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Thessalonians 1:1–10

Outside the Shibuya train station in Tokyo is a statue commemorating
an Akita dog named Hachiko. Hachiko is remembered for unusual
faithfulness to his owner, a university professor who commuted from
the station daily. The dog accompanied him on his walk there in the
morning and came back to meet him every afternoon just as his train
arrived.

One day the professor didn’t return to the station; sadly, he’d died
at work. But for the rest of his life—more than nine years—Hachiko
showed up at the same time as the afternoon train. Day after day,
regardless of weather, the dog waited faithfully for his master’s
return.

Paul commended the Thessalonians for their faithfulness, citing their
“work produced by faith,” “labor prompted by love,” and “endurance
inspired by hope in our Lord Jesus Christ” (1 Thessalonians 1:3).
Despite harsh opposition, they left their old ways “to serve the
living and true God, and to wait for his Son from heaven” (vv. 9–10).

These early believers’ vital hope in their Savior and His love for
them inspired them to see beyond their difficulties and to share their
faith enthusiastically. They were assured there was nothing better
than living for Jesus. How good it is to know that the same Holy
Spirit who emboldened them (v. 5) still empowers us today to
faithfully serve Jesus as we await His return.

By:  James Banks

Reflect & Pray

What do you look forward to most about being with Jesus? How are you
sharing your hope in Him?

Jesus, help me take heart and wait for You. To learn more about what
the New Testament teaches about the Christian faith, visit
christianuniversity.org/NT109.
