http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/odb/feed/~3/_rOK613iqDE/

Praising God’s Goodness

Give thanks to the Lord, for he is good. His love endures forever.
Psalm 136:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 136:1-15

Someone in our Bible-study group suggested, “Let’s write our own
psalms!” Initially, some protested that they didn’t have the flair for
writing, but after some encouragement everyone wrote a moving poetic
song narrating how God had been working in their lives. Out of trials,
protection, provision, and even pain and tears came enduring messages
that gave our psalms fascinating themes. Like Psalm 136, each psalm
revealed the truth that God’s love endures forever.

We all have a story to tell about God’s love—whether we write or sing
or tell it. For some, our experiences may be dramatic or intense—like
the writer of Psalm 136 who recounted how God delivered His people
from captivity and conquered His enemies (vv. 10–15). Others may
simply describe God’s marvelous creation: “who by his understanding
made the heavens . . . spread out the earth upon the waters . . . made
the great lights— . . . the sun to govern the day . . . the moon and
stars to govern the night” (vv. 5–9).

Remembering who God is and what He has done brings out praise and
thanksgiving that glorifies Him. We can then “[speak] to one another
with psalms, hymns, and songs from the Spirit” (Ephesians 5:19) about
the goodness of the Lord whose love endures forever! Turn your
experience of God’s love into a praise song of your own and enjoy an
overflow of His never-ending goodness.

By:  Lawrence Darmani

Reflect & Pray

Lord, thank You for the world You made and for the blessings on my
life. Fill my heart with gratitude and put words in my mouth to
acknowledge and appreciate You.

For all eternity, God’s love endures forever.
