https://odb.org/2019/03/15/keep-right-on-going/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Keep On Going

By faith [Moses] left Egypt, not fearing the king’s anger.
Hebrews 11:27

Today's Scripture & Insight: Exodus 10:21–29

Working in the corporate world allowed me to interact with many
talented and levelheaded people. However, one project led by an out-
of-town supervisor was an exception. Regardless of our team’s
progress, this manager harshly criticized our work and demanded more
effort during each weekly status phone call. These run-ins left me
discouraged and fearful. At times, I wanted to quit.

It’s possible that Moses felt like quitting when he encountered
Pharaoh during the plague of darkness. God had hurled eight other epic
disasters at Egypt, and Pharaoh finally exploded, “[Moses,] get out of
my sight! Make sure you do not appear before me again! The day you see
my face you will die” (Exodus 10:28).

Despite this threat, Moses eventually was used by God to free the
Israelites from Pharaoh’s control. “[By faith] Moses left the land of
Egypt, not fearing the king’s anger. He kept right on going because he
kept his eyes on the one who is invisible” (Hebrews 11:27 nlt ). Moses
overcame Pharaoh by believing that God would keep His promise of
deliverance (Exodus 3:17).

Today, we can rely on the promise that God is with us in every
situation, supporting us through His Holy Spirit. He helps us resist
the pressure of intimidation and wrong responses to it by granting us
supernatural power, love, and self-control (2 Timothy 1:7). The Spirit
provides the courage we need to keep going and to follow God’s leading
in our lives.

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

What types of situations upset you? How can you rely on God?

Lord, help me to keep my eyes on You when I feel upset by other
people. Protect me, guide me, and help me to trust You in every
situation.
