http://odb.org/2013/07/07/welcome-to-all/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Welcome To All!

Man looks at the outward appearance, but the Lord looks at the heart.
—
1 Samuel 16:7

Today's Scripture: Isaiah 55:1-9

A beautifying project on the main road of my town prompted the
demolition of a church built in the 1930s. Although the windows of the
empty church had been removed, the doors remained in place for several
days, even as bulldozers began knocking down walls. Each set of doors
around the church building held a message written in giant,
fluorescent-orange block letters: KEEP OUT!

Unfortunately, some churches whose doors are open convey that same
message to visitors whose appearance doesn’t measure up to their
standards. No fluorescent, giant-size letters needed. With a single
disapproving glance, some people communicate: “You’re Not Welcome
Here!”

How people look on the outside, of course, is not an indicator of what
is in their hearts. God’s focus is on the inner life of people. He
looks far below the surface of someone’s appearance (1 Sam. 16:7) and
that’s what He desires for us to do as well. He also knows the hearts
of those who appear to be “righteous” but are “full of hypocrisy” on
the inside (Matt. 23:28).

God’s message of welcome, which we are to show to others, is clear. He
says to all who seek Him: “Everyone who thirsts, come to the waters”
(Isa. 55:1).

By:  Cindy Hess Kasper

Reflect & Pray

Thank You, Lord, that You welcome all into Your family, and You have
welcomed me. Show me how to be as accepting of others as You are. May
I reveal Your heart of love.

No one will know what you mean when you say, “God is love”—unless you
show it.
