http://odb.org/2013/01/23/wholesome-words-2/

Wholesome Words

Let no corrupt word proceed out of your mouth, but what is good for
necessary edification, that it may impart grace to the hearers. —
Ephesians 4:29

Today's Scripture: Ephesians 4:25-32

A while back, an Emmy award-winning actress took a courageous stand
and walked out in the middle of the Annual American Music Awards
ceremony. Her reason? She grew increasingly upset and disappointed by
what she described as “an onslaught of lewd jokes and off-color
remarks” and raw and raunchy comments by presenters, performers, and
hosts. She said the evening was an affront to anyone with a shred of
dignity and self-respect.

Unwholesome speech was a problem even in the apostle Paul’s day. He
reminded the Christians at Ephesus that they should put away
vulgarity, lewdness, slander, and obscene talk from their lives (Eph.
5:4; Col. 3:8). These were expressions of their old lives (1 Cor.
6:9-11), and it was now out of place with their new identity in
Christ. Instead, their lives were to be characterized by wholesome
speech. Their good or wholesome words would give grace to the hearers
(Eph. 4:29). The Holy Spirit would help guard their speech, convict of
any filthy talk, and help them to use words to benefit others (John
16:7-13).

We are called to reflect God with all we are, and that includes our
words. May our mouths be filled with thanksgiving and words that
benefit others.

By:  Marvin Williams

Reflect & Pray

Holy Spirit, we need Your help. Guard our hearts and minds today. Help
us control our thoughts and words so that we might lift others up and
show them who You are and what You’ve done in us. Amen.

Wholesome words flow out of a life made new.
