http://odb.org/2015/03/02/a-deadly-weapon/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Deadly Weapon

Those who wait on the Lord shall renew their strength; . . . they
shall run and not be weary, they shall walk and not faint. —
Isaiah 40:31

Today's Scripture & Insight: Nehemiah 4:1-10

Boxing legend Muhammad Ali used several ring tactics to defeat his
opponents; one tactic was taunting. In his fight with George Foreman
in 1974, Ali taunted Foreman, “Hit harder! Show me something, George.
That don’t hurt. I thought you were supposed to be bad.” Fuming,
Foreman punched away furiously, wasting his energy and weakening his
confidence.

It’s an old tactic. By referring to Nehemiah’s efforts at rebuilding
the broken wall of Jerusalem as nothing more than a fox’s playground
(Neh. 4:3), Tobiah intended to weaken the workers with poisonous words
of discouragement. Goliath tried it on David by despising the boy’s
simple weapons of a sling and stones (1 Sam. 17:41-44).

A discouraging remark can be a deadly weapon. Nehemiah refused to
surrender to Tobiah’s discouragements, just as David rejected
Goliath’s diabolical teasing. Focusing on God and His help rather than
on their discouraging situations, David and Nehemiah both achieved
victory.

Taunting can come from anybody, including those who are close to us.
Responding to them negatively only saps our energy. But God encourages
us through His promises: He will never forsake us (Ps. 9:10; Heb.
13:5), and He invites us to rely on His help (Heb. 4:16).

By:  Lawrence Darmani

Reflect & Pray

Lord, it’s easy to let discouragement sap my energy and joy. Help me
to reject all agents of discouragement in my life and to trust in You
for comfort and strength.

If you’re in a tunnel of discouragement, keep walking toward the
Light.
