http://odb.org/2016/08/03/more-than-we-can-imagine/?utm_source=feedbur
ner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread
%29

More Than We Can Imagine

To him who is able to do immeasurably more than all we ask or imagine,
according to his power that is at work within us.
Ephesians 3:20

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ephesians 3:14–21

What are the five best toys of all time? Jonathan H. Liu suggested the
following: A stick, a box, string, a cardboard tube, and dirt (GeekDad
column at wired.com). All are readily available, versatile,
appropriate for all ages, fit every budget, and are powered by
imagination. No batteries required.

Imagination plays a powerful role in our lives, so it’s not unusual
that the apostle Paul mentioned it in his prayer for the followers of
Jesus in Ephesus (Eph. 3:14–21). After asking God to strengthen them
with His power through His Spirit (v. 16), Paul prayed that they would
be able to grasp and experience the full dimension of the love of
Christ (vv. 17–19). In closing, Paul gave glory to “him who is able to
do immeasurably more than all we ask or imagine, according to his
power that is at work within us” (v. 20).

Often our experience limits our prayers—a situation we can’t picture
being different; destructive habits that remain unbroken; long-held
attitudes that seem to defy change. As time passes, we may begin to
feel that some things cannot be changed. But Paul says that is not
true.

By God’s mighty power working in us, He is able to do far more than we
may dare to ask or even dream of.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Dear Father, help us today to embrace all that You have given us in
Your Son—forgiveness, hope, encouragement, and power to live a new
life.

Never measure God’s unlimited power by your limited expectations.
