https://odb.org/2020/08/05/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Loved, Beautiful, Gifted

The Spirit himself testifies with our spirit that we are God’s
children.
Romans 8:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 8:15–17

Malcolm appeared confident as a teenager. But this confidence was a
mask. In truth, a turbulent home left him fearful, desperate for
approval, and feeling falsely responsible for his family’s problems.
“For as far back as I remember,” he says, “every morning I would go
into the bathroom, look in the mirror, and say out loud to myself,
‘You are stupid, you are ugly, and it’s your fault.’”

Malcolm’s self-loathing continued until he was twenty-one, when he had
a divine revelation of his identity in Jesus. “I realized that God
loved me unconditionally and nothing would ever change that,” he
recalls. “I could never embarrass God, and He would never reject me.”
In time, Malcolm looked in the mirror and spoke to himself
differently. “You are loved, you are beautiful, you are gifted,” he
said, “and it’s not your fault.”

Malcolm’s experience illustrates what God’s Spirit does for the
believer in Jesus—He frees us from fear by revealing how profoundly
loved we are (Romans 8:15, 38–39), and confirms that we are children
of God with all the benefits that status brings (8:16–17; 12:6–8). As
a result, we can begin seeing ourselves correctly by having our
thinking renewed (12:2–3).

Years later, Malcolm still whispers those words each day, reinforcing
who God says he is. In the Father’s eyes he’s loved, beautiful, and
gifted. And so are we.

By:  Sheridan Voysey

Reflect & Pray

What words come to mind when you see yourself in the mirror? How
different are they from Scripture’s depiction of what God sees in you?

Father, thank You for loving me, gifting me, and making me Your child.
May Your Spirit work in me today to truly, deeply believe it.
