http://odb.org/2013/08/16/contained-but-not-extinguished/

Contained But Not Extinguished

For yet a little while, and He who is coming will come and will not
tarry. —
Hebrews 10:37

Today's Scripture: Hebrews 10:19-39

In June 2012, the Waldo Canyon fire destroyed 346 homes in Colorado
Springs, Colorado, and burned more than 18,000 acres of mountain
forest. The fire was declared 100-percent contained when perimeter
lines had been built around the entire area of the blaze. It had been
confined to a defined area until it could be fully extinguished. A
fire information official warned residents that they might continue to
see smoke in the burn area because even though the fire was fully
contained it “is not controlled and it is not out.”

When our world is rocked by tragic events and evil acts, we long for
the day when evil will finally be destroyed and God will bring history
to a close and fully establish His kingdom. Until that time, however,
the Lord gives us His grace to live purposeful lives of faith as we
await His coming. In Hebrews 10, we are urged to draw near to God with
sincere hearts (v.22); hold fast to the hope we profess (v.23); spur
each other on to love and good works (v.24); and continue meeting
together for encouragement “and so much the more as you see the Day
approaching” (v.25).

Until the time God extinguishes the fires of evil forever, He gives us
His grace and strength to endure the trials of life as we look forward
to His return.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Dear Lord, thank You for the grace You give us to live each day for
Your glory. We look forward to the day when You return, all evil will
be extinguished, and we will live with You in perfect harmony forever.

Jesus is coming—perhaps today!
