https://odb.org/2018/06/25/saying-grace/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Saying Grace

Whatever you do, whether in word or deed, do it all in the name of the
Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God the Father through him.
Colossians 3:17

Today's Scripture & Insight: Colossians 3:12–17

For many years, I’ve enjoyed the writings of British author G. K.
Chesterton.  His humor and insight often cause me to chuckle and then
pause for more serious contemplation. For example, he wrote, “You say
grace before meals. All right. But I say grace before the play and the
opera, and grace before the concert and pantomime, and grace before I
open a book, and grace before sketching, painting, swimming, fencing,
boxing, walking, playing, dancing; and grace before I dip the pen in
the ink.”

It’s good for us to thank the Lord before every meal, but it shouldn’t
stop there.  The apostle Paul saw every activity, every endeavor as
something for which we should thank God and that we should do for His
glory. “And whatever you do, whether in word or deed, do it all in the
name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God the Father through him”
(Colossians 3:17). Recreation, occupation, and education are all
avenues through which we can honor the Lord and express our
gratefulness to Him.

Paul also encouraged the believers in Colossae to “let the peace of
Christ rule in your hearts, since as members of one body you were
called to peace. And be thankful” (v. 15).

The best place to “say grace” is anywhere and anytime we want to give
thanks to the Lord and honor Him.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Thank You for Your gift of life eternal. May we acknowledge and honor
You throughout this day.

In all we do, let’s give thanks to God and honor Him.
