https://odb.org/2021/04/11/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Imperfect Plans

Many are the plans in a person’s heart, but it is the Lord’s purpose
that prevails.
Proverbs 19:21

Today's Scripture & Insight: Proverbs 19:20–23

I was exploring a library on the bottom floor of a new community
center when an overhead crash suddenly shook the room. A few minutes
later it happened again, and then again. An agitated librarian finally
explained that a weight-lifting area was positioned directly above the
library, and the noise occurred every time someone dropped a weight.
Architects and designers had carefully planned many aspects of this
state-of-the-art facility, yet someone had forgotten to locate the
library away from all the action.

In life as well, our plans are often flawed. We overlook important
considerations. Our plans don’t always account for accidents or
surprises. Although planning helps us avoid financial shortfalls, time
crunches, and health issues, even the most thorough strategies can’t
eliminate all problems from our lives. We live in a post-Eden world.

With God’s help, we can find the balance between prudently considering
the future (Proverbs 6:6–8) and responding to difficulties. God often
has a purpose for the trouble He allows into our lives. He may use it
to develop patience in us, to increase our faith, or simply to bring
us closer to Him. The Bible reminds us, “Many are the plans in a
person’s heart, but it is the Lord ’s purpose that prevails” (Proverbs
19:21). As we submit our goals and hopes for the future to Jesus,
He’ll show us what He wants to accomplish in us and through us.

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

How do you respond when your plans don’t work out or when your
expectations are unmet? What might God want you to learn through those
experiences?

God, I believe You’re in control of everything. Help me to live wisely
in this world, committing all my plans to You.
