http://odb.org/2013/09/28/who-am-i-2/

Who Am I?

Moses said to God, “Who am I that I should go to Pharaoh?” —
Exodus 3:11

Today's Scripture: Exodus 3:7-15

Years ago, world-famous evangelist Billy Graham was scheduled to speak
at Cambridge University in England, but he did not feel qualified to
address the sophisticated thinkers. He had no advanced degrees and he
had never attended seminary. Billy confided in a close friend: “I do
not know that I have ever felt more inadequate and totally unprepared
for a mission.” He prayed for God’s help, and God used him to share
the simple truth of the gospel and the cross of Christ.

Moses also felt inadequate when God recruited him for the task of
telling Pharaoh to release the Israelites. Moses asked, “Who am I that
I should go to Pharaoh?” (Ex. 3:11). Although Moses may have
questioned his effectiveness because he was “slow of speech” (4:10),
God said, “I will certainly be with you” (3:12). Knowing he would have
to share God’s rescue plan and tell the Israelites who sent him, Moses
asked God, “What shall I say to them?” God replied, “I AM has sent me
to you” (vv.13-14). His name, “I AM,” revealed His eternal, self-
existent, and all-sufficient character.

Even when we question our ability to do what God has asked us to do,
He can be trusted. Our shortcomings are less important than God’s
sufficiency. When we ask, “Who am I?” we can remember that God said,
“I AM.”

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

Dear Lord, help me to remember that You are with me, even when I’m
unsure of my own abilities. Give me the faith to believe that You can
help me to do anything You ask me to do.

You need not be afraid of where you’re going when you know God’s going
with you.
