https://odb.org/2021/02/02/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Pruned to Thrive

Every branch that does bear fruit he prunes so that it will be even
more fruitful.
John 15:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 15:1–12

As I watched a bumblebee land lightly on the Russian sage, I marveled
at the bush’s lush branches exploding with color. Its brilliant blue
blossoms attracted eyes and bees alike. Yet only last fall, I’d
wondered if it would ever blossom again. When my wife’s parents
trimmed the periwinkle plant down to a stub, I’d assumed they’d
decided to get rid of it. But now I was witnessing the radiant result
of pruning that had seemed brutal to me.

The surprising beauty that results from harsh cuts may be one of the
reasons Jesus chose pruning imagery to describe God’s work among
believers. In John 15, He says, “I am the true vine, and my Father is
the gardener. . . . Every branch that does bear fruit he prunes so
that it will be even more fruitful” (vv. 1–2).

Jesus’ words remind us that in the good times and bad, God is always
working in us toward spiritual renewal and fruitfulness (v. 5). During
“pruning” seasons of suffering or emotional barrenness, we may wonder
if we’ll ever thrive again. But Christ encourages us to continue to
stick close to Him: “No branch can bear fruit by itself; it must
remain in the vine. Neither can you bear fruit unless you remain in
me” (v. 4).

As we continually draw spiritual nourishment from Jesus, the resulting
beauty and fruitfulness in our lives (v. 8) will show the world God’s
goodness.

By:  Adam R. Holz

Reflect & Pray

How have you seen God use struggle in your life to produce growth and
fruitfulness? How do you think time gives us the perspective to see
God’s hand at work in our lives?

Father, help me to trust You during difficult seasons in my life,
knowing that You’re at work to bring beauty and change. For help in
strengthening your faith, read DiscoverySeries.org/Q0747.
