https://odb.org/2020/02/18/unimaginable/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Unimaginable

Though I walk through the darkest valley, I will fear no evil, for you
are with me.
Psalm 23:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 23

Bart Millard penned a megahit in 2001 when he wrote, “I Can Only
Imagine.” The song pictures how amazing it will be to be in
Christ’s presence. Millard’s lyrics offered comfort to our family
that next year when our seventeen-year-old daughter, Melissa, died in
a car accident and we imagined what it was like for her to be in God’s
presence.

But imagine spoke to me in a different way in the days following
Mell’s death. As fathers of Melissa’s friends approached me, full of
concern and pain, they said, “I can’t imagine what you’re going
through.”

Their expressions were helpful, showing that they were grappling with
our loss in an empathetic way—finding it unimaginable.

David pinpointed the depth of great loss when he described walking
through “the darkest valley” (Psalm 23:4). The death of a loved one
certainly is that, and we sometimes have no idea how we’re going to
navigate the darkness. We can’t imagine ever being able to come out on
the other side.

But as God promised to be with us in our darkest valley now, He also
provides great hope for the future by assuring us that beyond the
valley we’ll be in His presence. For the believer, to be “away from
the body” means being present with Him (2 Corinthians 5:8). That can
help us navigate the unimaginable as we imagine our future reunion
with Him and others.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

What’s the best thing you can say to friends who’ve suffered the loss
of someone they loved? How can you prepare for those times?

Thank You, God, for being with us even in the darkest valley as we
imagine the glories of heaven. For hope, read Life After Loss at
discoveryseries.org/cb131.
