https://odb.org/2019/08/20/touched-by-grace/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Touched by Grace

Love your enemies, do good to those who hate you.
Luke 6:27

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 6:27–36

In Leif Enger’s novel Peace Like a River, Jeremiah Land is a single
father of three working as a janitor at a local school. He’s also a
man of deep, sometimes miraculous, faith. Throughout the book, his
faith is often tested.

Jeremiah’s school is run by Chester Holden, a mean-spirited
superintendent with a skin condition. Despite Jeremiah’s excellent
work ethic—mopping up a sewage spill without complaint, picking up
broken bottles the superintendent smashed—Holden wants him gone. One
day, in front of all the students, he accuses Jeremiah of drunkenness
and fires him. It’s a humiliating scene.

How does Jeremiah respond? He could threaten legal action for unfair
dismissal or make accusations of his own. He could slink away,
accepting the injustice. Think for a moment what you might do.

“Love your enemies,” Jesus says, “do good to those who hate you, bless
those who curse you, pray for those who mistreat you” (Luke 6:27–28).
These challenging words aren’t meant to excuse evil or stop justice
from being pursued. Instead, they call us to imitate God (v. 36) by
asking a profound question: How can I help my enemy become all God
wants him or her to be?

Jeremiah looks at Holden for a moment, then reaches up and touches his
face. Holden steps back defensively, then feels his chin and cheeks in
wonder. His scarred skin has been healed.

An enemy touched by grace.

By:  Sheridan Voysey

Reflect & Pray

What would your first reaction be in Jeremiah’s situation? How can you
help a difficult person move closer to God’s purposes for them?

God, when faced with unfairness, injustice, or abuse, show me how to
help my enemy move closer to You.
