https://odb.org/2020/11/01/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Even a Taco

If anyone gives even a cup of cold water . . . that person will
certainly not lose their reward.
Matthew 10:42

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 10:37–42

Ashton and Austin Samuelson graduated from a Christian college with a
strong desire to serve Jesus. However, neither felt called to a
traditional ministry in the church. But what about ministry in the
world? Absolutely. They blended their burden to end childhood hunger
with their God-given entrepreneurial skills, and in 2014 launched a
restaurant that serves tacos. But this isn’t just any restaurant. The
Samuelsons operate from a buy-one-give-one philosophy. For every meal
bought, they donate money to provide a meal specifically designed to
meet the nutritional needs of malnourished children. So far, they’ve
made contributions in more than sixty countries. Their goal is to be a
part of ending childhood hunger—one taco at a time.

Jesus’ words in Matthew 10 are not cryptic. They are astoundingly
clear: devotion is evidenced by actions, not words (vv. 37–42). One of
those actions is giving to the “little ones.” For the Samuelsons, that
focus is giving to children. But take note, the “little ones” isn’t a
phrase limited to chronological age. Christ is calling us to give to
any who are of “little account” in the eyes of this world: the poor,
the sick, the prisoner, the refugee, those disadvantaged in any way.
And give what? Well, Jesus says “even a cup of cold water” (v. 42). If
something as small and simple as a cup of cold water classifies, then
a taco surely fits right in line too.

By:  John Blase

Reflect & Pray

Who in your life are little in the eyes of the world? What’s something
small you can do today to serve these “little ones”?

Jesus, give me eyes to see and ears to hear today, so that I can
serve, even in a small way, the least of these who cross my path.
