http://odb.org/2016/11/20/sacrificial-faith/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Sacrificial Faith

Blessed are those who are persecuted because of righteousness, for
theirs is the kingdom of heaven.
Matthew 5:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Acts 6:8–15; 7:59–60

It’s Sunday afternoon, and I’m sitting in the garden of our home,
which is near the church where my husband is the minister. I hear
wafts of praise and worship music floating through the air in the
Farsi language. Our church in London hosts a vibrant Iranian
congregation, and we feel humbled by their passion for Christ as they
share some of their stories of persecution and tell of those, such as
the senior pastor’s brother, who have been martyred for their faith.
These faithful believers are following in the footsteps of the first
Christian martyr, Stephen.

Stephen, one of the first appointed leaders in the early church,
garnered attention in Jerusalem when he performed “great wonders and
signs” (Acts 6:8) and was brought before the Jewish authorities to
defend his actions. He gave an impassioned defense of the faith before
describing the hard-heartedness of his accusers. But instead of
repenting, they were “furious and gnashed their teeth at him” (7:54).
They dragged him from the city and stoned him to death—even as he
prayed for their forgiveness.

The stories of Stephen and modern martyrs remind us that the message
of Christ can be met with brutality. If we have never faced
persecution for our faith, let’s pray for the persecuted church around
the world. And may we, if and when tested, find grace to be found
faithful to the One who suffered so much more for us.

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

Lord God, we believe You weep at the pain and anguish some of Your
children experience because they love You. We pray that You will
strengthen them in the midst of their suffering and send them Your
grace.

May we find grace to walk in the Master’s steps.
