https://odb.org/2020/11/18/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

False Confidence

I consider everything a loss because of the surpassing worth of
knowing Christ Jesus my Lord, for whose sake I have lost all things.
Philippians 3:8

Today's Scripture & Insight: Philippians 3:2–8

A few years ago, my doctor gave me a stern talk about my health. I
took his words to heart and began going to the gym and adjusting my
diet. Over time, both my cholesterol and my weight went down, and my
self-esteem went up. But then something not so good happened: I began
noticing other people’s dietary choices and judging them. Isn’t it
funny that often when we find a scoring system that grades us well, we
use it to lift ourselves up and put others down. It seems to be an
innate human tendency to cling to self-made standards in an attempt to
justify ourselves—systems of self-justification and guilt-management.

Paul warned the Philippians about doing such things. Some were putting
their confidence in religious performance or cultural conformity, and
Paul told them he had more reason to boast of such things: “If
someone else thinks they have reasons to put confidence in the flesh,
I have more” (3:4). Yet Paul knew his pedigree and performance was
“garbage” compared to “knowing Christ” (v. 8). Only Jesus loves us as
we are, rescues us, and gives us the power to become more like Him. No
earning required; no scorekeeping possible.

Boasting is bad in itself, but a boast based on false confidence is
tragic. The gospel calls us away from misplaced confidence and into
communion with a Savior who loves us and gave Himself for us.





By:  Glenn Packiam

Reflect & Pray

What would it look like to trust in God’s grace today? How can you
live and work from a place of rest and trust in His love for you?

Dear Jesus, thank You for Your love for me. I set aside the scorecards
of self-justification. Those are misguided grounds of confidence. To
learn more about Jesus and His life, visit
ChristianUniversity.org/NT111.
