http://odb.org/2014/07/19/whoppers-or-adventures/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

Whoppers Or Adventures?

But You are the same, and Your years will have no end. —
Psalm 102:27

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 102:18-28

My grandfather loved to tell stories, and I loved to listen. Papaw had
two kinds of tales. “Whoppers” were stories with a whiff of truth, but
which changed with each new telling. “Adventures” were stories that
really happened, and the facts never changed when retold. One day my
grandfather told a story that just seemed too far-fetched to be true.
“Whopper,” I declared, but my grandfather insisted it was true.
Although his telling never varied, I simply couldn’t believe it, it
was that unusual.

Then one day, while I was listening to a radio program, I heard the
announcer tell a story that confirmed the truth of my grandfather’s
tale. My grandfather’s “whopper” suddenly became an “adventure.” It
was a moving moment of remembrance that made him even more trustworthy
in my eyes.

When the psalmist wrote about the unchanging nature of God (102:27),
he was offering this same comfort—the trustworthiness of God—to us.
The idea is repeated in Hebrews 13:8 with these words, “Jesus Christ
is the same yesterday, today, and forever.” This can lift our hearts
above our daily trials to remind us that an unchanging, trustworthy
God rules over even the chaos of a changing world.

By:  Randy Kilgore

Reflect & Pray

Our God is God—He does not change; His truth, His love remain each day
the same, He’s faithful to His matchless name, For God is God—He does
not change. —D. DeHaan

Let the sameness of God waft over your heart with His peace in your
storms.
