https://odb.org/2019/10/25/braided-together/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Braided Together

A cord of three strands is not quickly broken.
Ecclesiastes 4:12

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ecclesiastes 4:9–12

A friend gave me a houseplant she’d owned for more than forty years.
The plant was equal to my height, and it produced large leaves from
three separate spindly trunks. Over time, the weight of the leaves had
caused all three of the stalks to curve down toward the floor. To
straighten them, I put a wedge under the plant’s pot and placed it
near a window so the sunlight could draw the leaves upward and help
cure its bad posture.

Shortly after receiving the plant, I saw one just like it in a waiting
room at a local business. It also grew from three long skinny stalks,
but they’d been braided together to form a larger, more solid core.
This plant stood upright without any help.

Any two people may stay in the same “pot” for years, yet grow apart
and experience fewer of the benefits God wants them to enjoy. When
their lives are woven together with God, however, there is a greater
sense of stability and closeness. Their relationship will grow
stronger. “A cord of three strands is not quickly broken”
(Ecclesiastes 4:12).

Like houseplants, marriages and friendships require some nurturing.
Tending to these relationships involves merging spiritually so that
God is present at the center of each important bond. He’s an endless
supply of love and grace—the things we need most to stay happily
united with each other.

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

What can you do to strengthen the spiritual bonds you share with the
important people in your life? How might your relationships change if
serving and worshiping God together became a priority?

Dear God, I welcome You into my closest relationships today.
