http://odb.org/2015/12/06/the-birth-of-christmas/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

The Birth of Christmas

When Joseph woke up, he did what the angel of the Lord commanded him
and took Mary home as his wife.
Matthew 1:24

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 1:26-38

When the angel Gabriel appeared to Mary and then to shepherds with
good news for the world (Luke 1:26-27; 2:10), was it good news to this
teenage girl? Perhaps Mary was thinking: How do I explain my pregnancy
to my family? Will my fiancé Joseph call off the betrothal? What will
the townspeople say? Even if my life is spared, how will I survive as
a mother all alone?

When Joseph learned about Mary’s pregnancy, he was troubled. He had
three options. Go ahead with the marriage, divorce her publicly and
allow her to be publicly scorned, or break off the engagement quietly.
Joseph chose option three, but God intervened. He told Joseph in a
dream, “Do not be afraid to take Mary home as your wife, because what
is conceived in her is from the Holy Spirit” (Matt. 1:20).

For Mary and Joseph, Christmas began with submitting themselves to God
in spite of the unthinkable emotional challenges before them. They
entrusted themselves to God and in doing so demonstrated for us the
promise of 1 John 2:5: “If anyone obeys his word, love for God is
truly made complete in them.”

May God’s love fill our hearts this Christmas season—and every day—as
we walk with Him.

By:  Albert Lee

Reflect & Pray

Fill my heart, Lord, with rejoicing at the gift of Your love and
forgiveness found in Your Son Jesus. Reflect on the wonder of
Christmas by reading more about Mary and Joseph at
discoveryseries.org/hp074

Obedience to God flows freely from a heart of love.
