http://odb.org/2014/11/16/amazing-guide/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Amazing Guide

Not a word failed of any good thing which the Lord had spoken. —
Joshua 21:45

Today's Scripture & Insight: Joshua 1:1-9

When actors and actresses make a movie, it’s the director who sees the
“big picture” and the overall direction. Actress Marion Cotillard
admits she didn’t understand everything the director was doing in one
of her recent films. She said, “I found it very interesting to allow
myself to be lost, because I knew that I had this amazing guide. . . .
You abandon yourself for a story and a director that will make it all
work.”

I think Joshua could have said something similar about the director of
his life. In today’s Scripture passage, the newly commissioned leader
of Israel is standing at the threshold of the Promised Land. More than
2 million Israelites are looking to him to lead them. How would he do
it? God didn’t give him a detailed script, but He gave him the
assurance that He would go with him.

God said, “I will be with you. I will not leave you” (Josh. 1:5). He
commanded Joshua to study and practice everything written in His Word
(vv.7-8), and He promised to be with Joshua wherever he went. Joshua
responded with complete devotion and surrender to his amazing Guide,
and “not a word failed of any good thing which the Lord had spoken”
(21:45).

We too can abandon ourselves to our Director and rest in His
faithfulness.

By:  Poh Fang Chia

Reflect & Pray

He leadeth me! O blessed thought! O words with heavenly comfort
fraught! Whate’er I do, where’er I be, Still ’tis God’s hand that
leadeth me. —Gilmore

Faith never knows where it is being led; it knows and loves the One
who is leading. —Oswald Chambers
