http://odb.org/2015/10/02/we-have-fruit/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

We Have Fruit!

I gave you a land on which you did not toil and cities you did not
build.
Joshua 24:13

Today's Scripture & Insight: Joshua 24:2,8-14

The young mother sighed as she scraped together lunch for her 3-year-
old daughter. Spying the empty fruit basket on the table in their tiny
kitchen, she sighed and said aloud, “If we just had a basket of fruit,
I would feel rich!” Her little girl overheard her.

Weeks passed. God sustained the small family. Still, the struggling
mom worried. Then one day her little girl bounded into the kitchen.
“Look, Mommy, we’re rich!” she exclaimed, pointing at the full fruit
basket on the table. Nothing had changed except that the family had
purchased a bag of apples.

When Joshua, the leader of the Israelites, was about to die, he shared
a message from the Lord that recounted all God had done for them. And
he noted, “You lived in the wilderness for a long time” (Josh. 24:7).
Then he said, “[God] gave you a land on which you did not toil and
cities you did not build; and you live in them and eat from vineyards
and olive groves that you did not plant” (v. 13). Joshua set up a
large stone to remind Israel of God’s provision (v. 26).

Like the Israelites, after a time of challenge and scarcity, that
family now lives in a different place and enjoys fruit trees in a
spacious yard, planted years earlier by a previous owner. If you visit
them, you’ll find a bowl of fruit in their kitchen. It reminds them of
God’s goodness and how a 3-year-old infused her family with faith,
joy, and perspective.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Thank God for how He has provided in the past. Thank Him for what He
will do. Ask Him what He wants you to do. Then trust Him.

Remembering God’s provision for yesterday gives hope and strength for
today.
