https://odb.org/2019/08/12/celebrating-gods-creativity/?utm_source=fee
dburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+B
read%29

Celebrating God’s Creativity

We have different gifts, according to the grace given to each of us.
Romans 12:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 12:3–8

As music filled the church auditorium, color-blind artist Lance Brown
stepped onstage. He stood in front of a large white canvas, with his
back to the congregation and dipped his brush into black paint. With
smooth swipes, he completed a cross. Stroke after stroke with brushes
and his hands, this visual storyteller created images of Christ’s
crucifixion and resurrection. He covered the large patches of the
canvas with black paint and added blue and white to finish a now
abstract painting in less than six minutes. He picked up the canvas,
turned it upside down, and revealed a hidden image—a compassion-filled
face—Jesus.

Brown said he’d been reluctant when a friend suggested he speed-paint
during a church service. Yet he now travels internationally to lead
people into worship as he paints and shares Christ with others.

The apostle Paul affirms the value and purpose of the diverse gifts
God has dispersed to His people. Every member of His family is
equipped to glorify the Lord and build others up in love (Romans
12:3–5). Paul encourages us to identify and use our gifts to edify
others and point to Jesus, serving diligently and cheerfully (vv.
6–8).

God has given each of us spiritual gifts, talents, skills, and
experiences to serve wholeheartedly behind the scenes or in the
forefront. As we celebrate His creativity, He uses our uniqueness to
spread the gospel and build up other believers in love.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

Who can you encourage to use their God-given gifts to serve others?
How will you do the same?

God, thank You for Your creativity. May I reflect it today.
