https://odb.org/2020/10/08/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Zax Nature

Let your gentleness be evident to all.
Philippians 4:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: Philippians 4:1–7

In one of Dr. Seuss’ whimsical stories, he tells of a “North-Going Zax
and a South-Going Zax” crossing the Prairie of Prax. Upon meeting nose
to nose, neither Zax will step aside. The first Zax angrily vows to
stay put—even if it makes “the whole world stand still.” (Unfazed, the
world moves on and builds a highway around them.)

The tale offers an uncomfortably accurate picture of human nature. We
possess a reflexive “need” to be right, and we’re prone to stubbornly
cling to that instinct in rather destructive ways!

Happily for us, God lovingly chooses to soften stubborn human hearts.
The apostle Paul knew this, so when two members of the Philippian
church were squabbling, he loved them enough to call them out
(Philippians 4:2). Then, having earlier instructed the believers to
have “the same mindset” of self-giving love as Christ (2:5–8), Paul
asked them to “help these women,” valued coworkers with him in sharing
the gospel (4:3). It seems peacemaking and wise compromise call for
team effort.

Of course there are times to take a firm stand, but a Christlike
approach will look a lot different than an unyielding Zax! So many
things in life aren’t worth fighting over. We can bicker with each
other over every trivial concern until we destroy ourselves (Galatians
5:15). Or we can swallow our pride, graciously receive wise counsel,
and seek unity with our brothers and sisters.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

What are the things you’re fighting over right now? How could wise
friends help you resolve your situation?

Soften my hardened, stubborn heart, loving God, so I can truly live in
unity. And help me to be open to wise counsel.
