http://odb.org/2015/07/15/transformed-hearts/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Transformed Hearts

Above all else, guard your heart, for everything you do flows from it.
—
Proverbs 4:23

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ezekiel 36:22-31

During the early 1970s in Ghana, a poster titled “The Heart of Man”
appeared on walls and public notice boards. In one picture, all kinds
of reptiles—symbols of the vile and despicable—filled the heart-shaped
painting with the head of a very unhappy man on top of it. In another
image, the heart-shape was clean and serene with the head of a
contented man. The caption beneath the images read: “What is the
condition of your heart?”

In Matthew 15:18-19, Jesus explained what pollutes a person. “The
things that come out of a person’s mouth come from the heart, and
these defile them. For out of the heart come evil thoughts—murder,
adultery, sexual immorality, theft, false testimony, slander” (niv).
That is the condition of a heart separated from God—the situation
ancient Israelites found themselves in when their sins forced them
into exile (Ezek. 36:23).

God’s promise in Ezekiel 36:26 is beautiful: “I will give you a new
heart, and I will put a new spirit in you. I will take out your stony,
stubborn heart and give you a tender, responsive heart” (nlt; see also
11:19). God will take away our stubborn hearts that have been
corrupted by all kinds of evil and give to us a clean heart that is
responsive to Him. Praise God for such a wonderful gift.

By:  Lawrence Darmani

Reflect & Pray

Father in heaven, thank You that when we confess our sin to You, You
give us a new heart and a new life. I pray that the life I live
reflects the goodness of Your gift and that others may see the
difference a new heart has made in me.

For a new start, ask God for a new heart.
