https://odb.org/2017/09/06/before-the-lord/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Give It to God

Then [Hezekiah] went up to the temple of the Lord and spread it out
before the Lord.
Kings 19:14 2

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Kings 19:9–19

As a teenager, when I became overwhelmed by enormous challenges or
high-stakes decisions, my mother taught me the merits of putting pen
to paper to gain perspective. When I was uncertain whether to take
specific classes or which job to pursue, or how to cope with the
frightening realities of adulthood, I learned her habit of writing out
the basic facts and the possible courses of action with their likely
outcomes. After pouring my heart onto the page, I was able to step
back from the problem and view it more objectively than my emotions
allowed.

Just as recording my thoughts on paper offered me fresh perspective,
pouring our hearts out to God in prayer helps us gain His perspective
and remind us of His power. King Hezekiah did just that after
receiving a daunting letter from an ominous adversary. The Assyrians
threatened to destroy Jerusalem as they had many other nations.
Hezekiah spread out the letter before the Lord, prayerfully calling on
Him to deliver the people so that the world would recognize He “alone
. . . [is] God” (2 Kings 19:19).

When we’re faced with a situation that brings anxiety, fear, or a deep
awareness that getting through it will require more than what we have,
let’s follow in Hezekiah’s footsteps and run straight to the Lord.
Like him, we too can lay our problem before God and trust Him to guide
our steps and calm our uneasy hearts.

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

Do you have a prayer request? Share it with the Our Daily Bread family
at YourDailyBread.org.

God is our greatest help in times of distress.
