https://odb.org/2019/12/20/failure-is-impossible/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

Failure Is Impossible

This work had been done with the help of our God.
Nehemiah 6:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: Nehemiah 6:1–9

“Failure is impossible!” These words were spoken by Susan B. Anthony
(1820–1906), known for her immovable stance on women’s rights in the
US. Though she faced constant criticism and later an arrest, trial,
and guilty verdict for voting illegally, Anthony vowed to never give
up the fight to gain women the right to vote, believing her cause was
just. Though she didn’t live to see the fruit of her labor, her
declaration proved true. In 1920, the nineteenth amendment to the
Constitution gave women the right to vote.

Failure wasn’t an option for Nehemiah either, mainly because he had a
Powerful Helper: God. After asking Him to bless his cause—rebuilding
the wall of Jerusalem—Nehemiah and those who had returned to Jerusalem
from exile in Babylon worked to make that happen. The wall was needed
to keep the people safe from enemies. But opposition to the cause came
in the form of deception and threats. Nehemiah refused to let
opposition deter him. He informed those who opposed the work, “I am
carrying on a great project” (Nehemiah 6:3). After that, he prayed,
“Now strengthen my hands” (v. 9). Thanks to perseverance, the work was
completed (v. 15).

God gave Nehemiah the strength to persevere in the face of opposition.
Is there a task for which you’re tempted to give up? Ask God to
provide whatever you need to keep going.

By:  Linda Washington

Reflect & Pray

How do you normally handle opposition? What cause are you willing to
fight for, no matter how tough the opposition?

Precious God, I need Your help to keep going with the work You’ve
given me to do, no matter what the cost may be.
