http://odb.org/2015/08/18/under-siege/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_mediu
m=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Under Siege

Let each of you look out not only for his own interests, but also for
the interests of others.
Philippians 2:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: Philippians 2:1-11

During the Bosnian War (1992–1996), more than 10,000 people—civilians
and soldiers—were killed in the city of Sarajevo as gunfire and mortar
rounds rained down from the surrounding hills. Steven Galloway’s
gripping novel The Cellist of Sarajevo unfolds there, during the
longest siege of a capital city in modern warfare. The book follows
three fictional characters who must decide if they will become
completely self-absorbed in their struggle to survive, or will somehow
rise above their numbing circumstances to consider others during a
time of great adversity.

From a prison in Rome, Paul wrote to the Christians in Philippi,
saying: “Let each of you look out not only for his own interests, but
also for the interests of others” (Phil. 2:4). Paul cited Jesus as the
great example of a selfless focus on others: “Christ Jesus, who, being
in the form of God, . . . made Himself of no reputation . . . humbled
Himself and became obedient to the point of death, even the death of
the cross” (vv. 5-8). Rather than seeking sympathy from others, Jesus
gave all He had to rescue us from the tyranny of sin.

Our continuing challenge as followers of Jesus is to see through His
eyes and respond to the needs of others in His strength, even in our
own difficult times.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Are you going through something hard right now? What can you still do
for another?

Embracing God’s love for us is the key to loving others.
