https://odb.org/2017/12/04/christmas-at-macpherson/?utm_source=feedbur
ner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread
%29

Christmas at MacPherson

Praise be to the Lord, the God of Israel, because he has come to his
people and redeemed them.
Luke 1:68

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 1:68–75

About 230 families and individuals live at MacPherson Gardens, Block
72 in my neighborhood. Each person has his or her own life story. On
the tenth floor resides an elderly woman whose children have grown up,
gotten married, and moved out. She lives by herself now. Just a few
doors away from her is a young couple with two kids—a boy and a girl.
And a few floors below lives a young man serving in the army. He has
been to church before; maybe he will visit again on Christmas Day. I
met these people last Christmas when our church went caroling in the
neighborhood to spread Christmas cheer.

Every Christmas—as on the first Christmas—there are many people who do
not know that God has entered into our world as a baby whose name is
Jesus (Luke 1:68; 2:21). Or they do not know the significance of that
event—it is “good news that will cause great joy for all the people”
(2:10). Yes, all people! Regardless of our nationality, culture,
gender, or financial status, Jesus came to die for us and offer us
complete forgiveness so that we can be reconciled with Him and enjoy
His love, joy, peace, and hope. All people, from the woman next door
to the colleagues we have lunch with, need to hear this wonderful
news!

On the first Christmas, the angels were the bearers of this joyous
news. Today, God desires to work through us to take the story to
others.

By:  Poh Fang Chia

Reflect & Pray

Lord, use me to touch the lives of others with the news of Your
coming.

The good news of Jesus’s birth is a source of joy for all people.
