https://odb.org/2019/08/18/refreshment/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Spiritually Exhausted?

An angel touched him and said, “Get up and eat.”
1 Kings 19:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Kings 19:1–9

“Emotionally, we’ve sometimes worked a full day in one hour,” Zack
Eswine writes in his book The Imperfect Pastor. Although he was
referring specifically to the burdens pastors frequently carry, this
is true for any of us. Weighty emotions and responsibilities can leave
us physically, mentally, and spiritually exhausted. And all we want to
do is sleep.

In 1 Kings 19, the prophet Elijah found himself in a situation where
he was depleted in every way. We read that Queen Jezebel threatened to
put him to death (vv. 1–2) after she discovered he had the prophets of
Baal killed (see 18:16–40). Elijah was so afraid he ran away and
prayed he would die (19:3–4).

In his distress, he lay down. An angel touched him twice and told him
to “get up and eat” (vv. 5, 7). After the second time, Elijah was
strengthened by the food God provided, and he “traveled forty days and
forty nights” until he came to a cave (vv. 8–9). There, the Lord
appeared to him and recommissioned him (vv. 9–18)—and he was refreshed
and able to continue the work God had for him to do.

Sometimes we too need to be encouraged in the Lord. This may come in
the form of a talk with another believer, a worship song, or time in
prayer and God’s Word.

Feeling exhausted? Give your burdens to God today and be refreshed! He
will carry your load.

By:  Julie Schwab

Reflect & Pray

What area in your life is calling out for encouragement? What form may
this come in and how can you seek it out?

Loving God, help me to turn to You when I am worn out. Thank You
that in You I find rest.
