http://odb.org/2015/07/03/a-letter-from-the-battlefield/?utm_source=fe
edburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+
Bread%29

A Letter from the Battlefield

I have fought the good fight, I have finished the race, I have kept
the faith. —
2 Timothy 4:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Timothy 4:1-8

For more than two decades, Andrew Carroll has been urging people not
to throw away the letters written by family members or friends during
a time of war. Carroll, director of the Center for American War
Letters at Chapman University in California, considers them an
irreplaceable link to tie families together and open a door of
understanding. “Younger generations are reading these letters,”
Carroll says, “and asking questions and saying, ‘Now I understand what
you endured, what you sacrificed.’ ”

When the apostle Paul was imprisoned in Rome and knew his life would
soon end, he wrote a letter to a young man whom he considered a “son
in the faith,” Timothy. Like a soldier on the battlefield, Paul opened
his heart to him: “The time of my departure is at hand. I have fought
the good fight, I have finished the race, I have kept the faith.
Finally, there is laid up for me the crown of righteousness, which the
Lord, the righteous Judge, will give to me on that Day, and not to me
only but also to all who have loved His appearing” (2 Tim. 4:6-8).

When we read the letters in the Bible that the heroes of the Christian
faith have left for us and grasp what they endured because of their
love for Christ, we gain courage to follow their example and to stand
strong for those who come after us.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Lord, give us strength for the spiritual battles we face today,
knowing that You have won the ultimate victory and that we will one
day live eternally with You.

Run the race with eternity in view.
