http://odb.org/2012/03/07/handle-with-care-4/

Handle With Care

So teach us to number our days, that we may gain a heart of wisdom. —
Psalm 90:12

Today's Scripture: Psalm 90:1-12

We live in a society that’s overrun with warning labels. From
disclaimers on pills, to “use-by” dates on soup cans, to danger signs
on chain saws—warning labels draw our attention to impending hazards.
Recently I received a box with a precious gift inside. The sender had
attached a big red sticker to the package that said, fragile: handle
with care. When I think about life and its fragility, I wonder if we
shouldn’t all wear one of those red stickers.

It’s not a good idea to cruise through life thinking that we are
invincible and that everything is going to be just fine—only to
discover that we are far more fragile than we thought. It takes only a
call from the doctor telling us that we have a life-threatening
disease, or the swerve of a careless driver in front of us to remind
us that life is extremely uncertain. There are no guarantees! None of
us can be certain of another breath. So the psalmist has an important
piece of advice . . . a warning label of sorts: “Teach us to number
our days, that we may gain a heart of wisdom” (Ps. 90:12).

Let’s choose to live as though this were our last moment on earth by
loving more deeply, forgiving more readily, giving more generously,
and speaking more kindly.

That’s how to handle life with care.

By:  Joe Stowell

Reflect & Pray

To run the race of life in Christ, This must become your daily goal:
Confess your sins, trust God for strength, Use discipline and self-
control. —Sper

Yesterday is gone; tomorrow is uncertain; today is here. Use it
wisely.
