https://odb.org/2019/10/30/a-light-in-the-darkness-2/?utm_source=feedb
urner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bre
ad%29

A Light in the Darkness

In this world you will have trouble. But take heart! I have overcome
the world.
John 16:33

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 1:5; 16:1–11, 33

In These Are the Generations, Mr. Bae describes God’s faithfulness and
the power of the gospel to penetrate the darkness. His grandfather,
parents, and his own family were all persecuted for sharing their
faith in Christ. But an interesting thing happened when Mr. Bae was
imprisoned for telling a friend about God: his faith grew. The same
was true for his parents when they were sentenced to a concentration
camp—they continued to share Christ’s love even there. Mr. Bae found
the promise of John 1:5 to be true: “The light shines in the
darkness, and the darkness has not overcome it.”

Before His arrest and crucifixion, Jesus warned His disciples about
the trouble they’d face. They would be rejected by people who “will do
such things because they have not known the Father or me” (16:3). But
Jesus offered words of comfort: “In this world you will have trouble.
But take heart! I have overcome the world” (v. 33).

While many believers in Jesus haven’t experienced persecution on the
level of that endured by the family of Mr. Bae, we can expect to face
trouble. But we don’t have to give in to discouragement or resentment.
We have a Helper—the Holy Spirit Jesus promised to send. We can turn
to Him for guidance and comfort (v. 7). The power of God’s presence
can hold us steady in dark times.

By:  Linda Washington

Reflect & Pray

What trouble have you experienced as a believer in Christ or witnessed
others experiencing? What is your first reaction during hard times?

Heavenly Father, please protect Your children who are experiencing
persecution.
