https://odb.org/2018/06/14/quieting-the-critic/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Quieting the Critic

Hear us, our God, for we are despised. Turn their insults back on
their own heads.
Nehemiah 4:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: Nehemiah 4:1–6

I work with a team to put on an annual community event. We spend
eleven months plotting many details to ensure the event’s success. We
choose the date and venue. We set ticket prices. We select everything
from food vendors to sound technicians. As the event approaches, we
answer public questions and provide directions. Afterward we collect
feedback. Some good. Some that is hard to hear. Our team hears
excitement from attendees and also fields complaints. The negative
feedback can be discouraging and sometimes tempts us to give up.

Nehemiah had critics too as he led a team to rebuild the wall of
Jerusalem. They actually mocked Nehemiah and those working alongside
him saying, “Even a fox climbing up on it would break down [your] wall
of stones” (Nehemiah 4:3). His response to the critics helps me handle
my own: Instead of feeling dejected or trying to refute their
comments, he turned to God for help. Instead of responding directly,
he asked God to hear the way His people were being treated and to
defend them (v. 4). After entrusting those concerns to God, he and his
co-laborers continued to work steadily on the wall “with all their
heart” (v. 6).

We can learn from Nehemiah not to be distracted by criticism of our
work. When we’re criticized or mocked, instead of responding to our
critics out of hurt or anger, we can prayerfully ask God to defend us
from discouragement so we can continue with a whole heart.

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

Help me to evaluate the good and bad in the criticism, to trust You,
and to continue in my work wholeheartedly.

God is our best defense against criticism.
