https://odb.org/2020/08/18/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Rivals or Allies?

Be perfectly united in mind and thought.
1 Corinthians 1:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Corinthians 1:10–17

The city of Texarkana sits squarely on the state border between Texas
and Arkansas. The city of 70,000 inhabitants has two mayors, two city
councils, and two police and fire departments. The cross-town sporting
rivalry between high schools draws an uncommonly high attendance,
reflecting the deep allegiance each has to their own state’s school.
More significant challenges arise as well, such as disputes over the
shared water system, governed by two sets of state laws. Yet the town
is known for its unity despite the line that divides it. Residents
gather annually for a dinner held on State Line Avenue to share a meal
in celebration of their oneness as a community.

The believers in Corinth may not have drawn a line down their main
thoroughfare, but they were divided. They’d been quarreling as a
result of their allegiances to those who taught them about Jesus:
Paul, Apollos, or Cephas (Peter). Paul called them all to oneness “in
mind and thought” (1 Corinthians 1:10), reminding them it was Christ
who was crucified for them, not their spiritual leaders.

We behave similarly today, don’t we? We sometimes oppose even those
who share our singularly important belief—Jesus’ sacrifice for our
wrongdoings—making them rivals instead of allies. Just as Christ
Himself is not divided, we, as His earthly representation—His
body—mustn’t allow differences over nonessentials to divide us.
Instead, may we celebrate our oneness in Him.

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

Over what nonessential spiritual issues are you likely to allow
division? How can you foster unity instead?

God, help me to remain focused on You and Your sacrifice for Your
people. May I not be distracted by the less important issues but call
others to oneness as a community of faith.
