https://odb.org/2019/12/24/a-christmas-visitor/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Christmas Visitor

Sovereign Lord, . . . you may now dismiss your servant in peace.
Luke 2:29

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 2:25–33

On Christmas Eve 1944, a man known as “Old Brinker” lay dying in a
prison hospital, waiting for the makeshift Christmas service led by
fellow prisoners. “When does the music start?” he asked William
McDougall, who was imprisoned with him in Muntok Prison in Sumatra.
“Soon,” replied McDougall. “Good,” replied the dying man. “Then I’ll
be able to compare them with the angels.”

Although decades earlier Brinker had moved away from his faith in God,
in his dying days he confessed his sins and found peace with Him.
Instead of greeting others with a sour look, he would smile, which
“was quite a transformation,” said McDougall.

Brinker died peacefully after the choir of eleven emaciated prisoners
sang his request, “Silent Night.” Knowing that Brinker once again
followed Jesus and would be united with God in heaven, McDougall
observed, “Perhaps Death had been a welcome Christmas visitor to old
Brinker.”

How Brinker anticipated his death reminds me of Simeon, a holy man to
whom the Holy Spirit revealed that “he would not die before he had
seen the Lord’s Messiah” (Luke 2:26). When Simeon saw Jesus in the
temple, he exclaimed, “You may now dismiss your servant in peace. For
my eyes have seen your salvation” (vv. 29–30).

As with Brinker, the greatest Christmas gift we can receive or share
is that of saving faith in Jesus.

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

Why do you think McDougall saw death as a welcome visitor for Brinker?
How does Jesus bring you joy and change you?

Jesus, thank You for ushering in peace through Your death and
resurrection. Help me to share Your gift of salvation with someone I
know or meet.
