http://odb.org/2016/07/17/an-open-hand/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

An Open Hand

It is more blessed to give than to receive.
Acts 20:35

Today's Scripture & Insight: Acts 20:22–35

In 1891, Biddy Mason was laid to rest in an unmarked grave in Los
Angeles. That wasn’t unusual for a woman born into slavery, but it was
remarkable for someone as accomplished as Biddy. After winning her
freedom in a court battle in 1856, she combined her nursing skills
with wise business decisions to make a small fortune. As she observed
the plight of immigrants and prisoners, she reached out to them,
investing in charity so frequently that people began lining up at her
house for help. In 1872, just sixteen years out of slavery, she and
her son-in-law financed the founding of the First African Methodist
Episcopal Church in Los Angeles.

Biddy embodied the apostle Paul’s words: “I showed you that by this
kind of hard work we must help the weak, remembering the words the
Lord Jesus himself said: ‘It is more blessed to give than to receive’”
(Acts 20:35). Paul came from privilege, not slavery, yet he chose a
life that would lead to his imprisonment and martyrdom so that he
could serve Christ and others.

In 1988, benefactors unveiled a tombstone for Biddy Mason. In
attendance were the mayor of Los Angeles and nearly 3,000 members of
the little church that had begun in her home over a century earlier.
Biddy once said, “The open hand is blessed, for it gives in abundance
even as it receives.” The hand that gave so generously received a rich
legacy.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Who in your life is struggling and could use a little help from you?
How can you reach out to that person or family today?

The open hand is blessed, for it gives in abundance even as it
receives. Biddy Mason
