https://odb.org/2019/06/25/vanity-on-fire/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Vanity on Fire

Create in me a pure heart, O God.
Psalm 51:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 5:21–30

In February 1497, a Monk named Girolamo Savonarola started a fire.
Leading up to this, he and his followers spent several months
collecting items that they thought might entice people to sin or
neglect their religious duties—including artwork, cosmetics,
instruments, and dresses. On the appointed day, thousands of vanity
items were gathered at a public square in Florence, Italy, and set on
fire. The event has come to be known as the Bonfire of the Vanities.

Savonarola might have found inspiration for his extreme actions in
some shocking statements from the Sermon on the Mount. “If your right
eye causes you to stumble, gouge it out and throw it away,” said
Jesus. “And if your right hand causes you to stumble, cut it off and
throw it away” (Matthew 5:29–30). But if we interpret Jesus’s words
literally, we miss the point of the message. The entire sermon is a
lesson on going deeper than the surface, to focus on the state of our
hearts rather than blaming our behavior on external distractions and
temptations.

The Bonfire of the Vanities made a great show of destroying belongings
and works of art, but it is unlikely that the hearts of those involved
were changed in the process. Only God can change a heart. That’s why
the psalmist prayed, “Create in me a pure heart, O God” (Psalm 51:10).
It’s our heart that counts.

By:  Remi Oyedele

Reflect & Pray

What behaviors or distractions might be on your list of “vanities”?
How do you try to “manage” them?

Holy God, please give me the grace to surrender my heart to You and
yield my life’s vanities to the purifying fire of the Holy Spirit.
