http://odb.org/2015/01/28/battling-distractions/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Battling Distractions

Mary has chosen that good part, which will not be taken away from her.
—
Luke 10:42

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 10:38-42

Every day I drive the same highway to and from the office, and every
day I see an alarming number of distracted drivers. Usually they’re
talking on the phone or texting, but I have also seen people reading
the newspaper, putting on makeup, and eating a bowl of cereal while
trying to maneuver a car at 70+ miles per hour! In some circumstances,
distractions are fleeting and harmless. In a moving vehicle, they can
kill.

Sometimes distractions can be a problem in our relationship with God.
In fact, that was the concern Jesus had for His friend Martha. She
“was distracted by all the preparations that had to be made” for a
meal (Luke 10:40 niv). When she complained about her sister Mary’s
lack of help (apparently due to her devotion to Christ and His
teaching), Jesus told her, “Martha, Martha, you are worried and
troubled about many things. But one thing is needed, and Mary has
chosen that good part, which will not be taken away from her”
(vv.41-42).

Martha’s distractions were well-intentioned. But she was missing the
opportunity to listen to Jesus and enjoy His presence. He is deserving
of our deepest devotion, and He alone can fully enable us to overcome
any of life’s distractions.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Lord, I want a heart like Mary’s—that takes time to sit at Your feet
to learn from You and be close to You. And I want a heart like
Martha’s— that takes time to serve You, the One I love.

If you want to be miserable, look within; distracted, look around;
peaceful, look up.
