http://odb.org/2016/03/16/deeply-loved/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Deeply Loved

Your heavenly Father feeds [the birds of the air]. Are you not much
more valuable than they?
Matthew 6:26

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 6:25-34

Years ago I had an office in Boston that looked out on the Granary
Burying Ground where many prominent American heroes are buried. There
one can find the gravestones for John Hancock and Samuel Adams, two
signers of the Declaration of Independence, and just a few feet beyond
that is Paul Revere’s marker.

But no one really knows where in this burial ground each body is
buried because the stones have been moved many times—sometimes to make
the grounds more picturesque and other times so lawn mowers could fit
between them. And while the Granary features approximately 2,300
markers, closer to 5,000 people are buried there! Even in death, it
seems, some people are not fully known.

There may be times when we feel as if we are like those unmarked
residents of the Granary, unknown and unseen. Loneliness can make us
feel unseen by others—and maybe even by God. But we must remind
ourselves that even though we may feel forgotten by our Creator God,
we are not. God not only made us in His image (Gen. 1:26-27), but He
also values each of us individually and sent His Son to save us (John
3:16).

Even in our darkest hours, we can rest in the knowledge we are never
alone, for our loving God is with us.

By:  Randy Kilgore

Reflect & Pray

Thank You, Lord, that You never leave me alone and that You know all
about me. Make me aware of Your presence so I may share that comfort
with others who are feeling alone too.

We are important because God loves us.
