https://odb.org/2020/03/29/fruit-juice/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Fruit Juice

I am the vine; you are the branches. If you remain in me and I in you,
you will bear much fruit.
John 15:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 15:5–8

A thrift-store bargain, the lamp seemed perfect for my home office—the
right color, size, and price. Back at home, however, when I plugged in
the cord, nothing happened. No light. No power. No juice.

No problem, my husband assured me. “I can fix that. Easy.” As he took
the lamp apart, he saw the trouble immediately. The plug wasn’t
connected to anything. Without wiring to a source of power, the
“perfect” pretty lamp was useless.

The same is true for us. Jesus told His disciples, “I am the vine; you
are the branches. If you remain in me and I in you, you will bear much
fruit.” But then he added this reminder: “Apart from me you can do
nothing” (John 15:5).

This teaching was given in a grape-growing region, so His disciples
readily understood it. Grapevines are hardy plants, and their branches
tolerate vigorous pruning. Cut off from their life source, however,
the branches are worthless deadwood. So it is with us.

As we remain in Jesus and let His words dwell in us, we’re wired to
our life source—Christ Himself. “This is to my Father’s glory,” said
Jesus, “that you bear much fruit, showing yourselves to be my
disciples” (v. 8). Such a fruitful outcome needs daily nourishment,
however. Freely, God provides it through the Scriptures and His love.
So plug in and let the juice flow!

By:  Patricia Raybon

Reflect & Pray

What does it mean for you to remain in Jesus? How has He equipped you
to bear fruit for Him?

All-powerful God, empower me to remain in You and allow Your loving
Word to yield good fruit in me. To learn more about growing
spiritually, visit christianuniversity.org/SF104.
