https://odb.org/2020/06/08/truly-humble-truly-great/?utm_source=feedbu
rner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Brea
d%29

Truly Humble, Truly Great

[Christ Jesus] made himself nothing.
Philippians 2:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: Philippians 2:1–11

As the American Revolution concluded with England’s improbable
surrender, many politicians and military leaders maneuvered to make
General George Washington a new monarch. The world watched, wondering
if Washington would stick to his ideals of freedom and liberty when
absolute power was within his grasp. England’s King George III saw
another reality, however. He was convinced that if Washington resisted
the power pull and returned to his Virginia farm, he would be “the
greatest man in the world.” The king knew that the greatness evidenced
in resisting the allure to power is a sign of true nobility and
significance.

Paul knew this same truth and encouraged us to follow Christ’s humble
way. Even though Jesus was “in very nature God,” he “did not consider
equality with God something to be used to his own advantage”
(Philippians 2:6). Instead, He surrendered His power, became “a
servant” and “humbled himself by becoming obedient to death” (vv.
7–8). The One who held all power surrendered every bit of it for the
sake of love.

And yet, in the ultimate reversal, God exalted Christ from a
criminal’s cross “to the highest place” (v. 9). Jesus, who could
demand our praise or force us to be obedient, laid down His power in a
breathtaking act that won our worship and devotion. Through absolute
humility, Jesus demonstrated true greatness, turning the world upside
down.

By:  Winn Collier

Reflect & Pray

How does the depth of Jesus’ humility surprise you? How does His
humility force you to reconsider your definition of greatness?

Thank You, Jesus, that in Your most destitute and (seemingly)
disgraceful moment, You demonstrated Your true power and greatness.
