https://odb.org/2017/07/31/a-new-man/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium
=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A “New Man”

Continue in your faith, established and firm, and do not move from the
hope held out in the gospel.
Colossians 1:23

Today's Scripture & Insight: Colossians 1:3–14

As a group of teenagers visited a home for the elderly in Montego Bay,
Jamaica, one young woman noticed a lonely looking man at the end of
the room. He appeared to have little left in this world but a bed to
sleep on—a bed from which he could not move because of his disability.

The teen began right away to share the story of God’s love for us and
read some Bible passages to him. “As I shared with him,” she would say
later, “I started to feel his eagerness to hear more.” Responding to
his interest, she explained the wonder of Jesus’s sacrificial death
for us. “It was hard for this man, who had no hope and no family,” she
recalled, “to understand that Someone he’s never met would love him
enough to die on the cross for his sins.”

She told him more about Jesus—and then about the promise of heaven
(including a new body) for all who believe. He asked her, “Will you
dance with me up there?” She saw him begin to imagine himself free of
his worn-out body and crippling limitations.

When he said he wanted to trust Jesus as his Savior, she helped him
pray a prayer of forgiveness and faith. When she asked him if she
could get a picture with him, he replied, “If you help me sit up. I’m
a new man.”

Praise God for the life-changing, hope-giving, available-to-all gospel
of Jesus Christ! It offers new life for all who trust Him (Col. 1:5,
23).

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

Lord, thank You for the new life we have in Jesus Christ. Help us to
share the hope of that new life with others so they can be made new as
well.

Jesus offers new life.
