https://odb.org/2021/03/19/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Purple Shawl

I urge you . . . to join me in my struggle by praying to God for me.
Romans 15:30

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 15:23–33

While serving as my mom’s live-in caregiver at a cancer center
hundreds of miles away from my home, I asked people to pray for us. As
the months passed, isolation and loneliness sapped my strength. How
could I care for my mom if I gave in to my physical, mental, and
emotional exhaustion?

One day, a friend sent me an unexpected care package. Jodi had
crocheted a purple prayer shawl, a warm reminder that we had people
praying for us daily. Whenever I wrapped the soft yarn around my
shoulders, I felt God hugging me with the prayers of His people. Years
later, He still uses that purple shawl to comfort me and strengthen my
resolve.

The apostle Paul affirmed the importance and spirit-refreshing power
of praying for others. Through his passionate request for prayerful
support and encouragement during his travels, Paul demonstrated how
those who pray for others become partners in ministry (Romans 15:30).
Offering specific requests, the apostle not only showed his dependence
on the support of fellow believers but his trust that God powerfully
answers prayer (vv. 31–33).

We’ll all experience days when we feel alone. But Paul shows us how to
ask for prayer as we pray for others. When we’re wrapped in the
intercessory prayers of God’s people, we can experience God’s strength
and comfort no matter where life takes us.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

Who has God used to encourage you through intercessory prayer? Who can
you pray for today?

Loving God, thank You for the gift of intercessory prayers and for
assuring me that You hear me and care for me wherever I go.   Read
Moving Mountains: The Practice of Persistent Prayer at
DiscoverySeries.org/Q0740.
