https://odb.org/2020/10/03/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Removing the Intruder

Husbands, love your wives, just as Christ loved the church and gave
himself up for her.
Ephesians 5:25

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ephesians 5:25–33

It wasn’t quite dawn when my husband rose from bed and went into the
kitchen. I saw the light flip on and off and wondered at his action.
Then I recalled that the previous morning I’d yelped at the sight of
an “intruder” on our kitchen counter. Translated: an undesirable
creature of the six-legged variety. My husband knew my paranoia and
immediately arrived to remove it. This morning he’d risen early to
ensure our kitchen was bug-free so I could enter without concern. What
a guy!

My husband awoke with me on his mind, putting my need before his own.
To me, his action illustrates the love Paul describes in Ephesians
5:25, “Husbands, love your wives, just as Christ loved the church and
gave himself up for her.” Paul goes on, “Husbands ought to love their
wives as their own bodies. He who loves his wife loves himself” (v.
28). Paul’s comparison of a husband’s love to the love of Christ
pivots on how Jesus put our needs before His own. My husband knows I’m
afraid of certain intruders, and so he made my concern his priority.

That principle doesn’t apply to husbands only. After the example of
Jesus, each of us can lovingly sacrifice to help remove an intruder of
stress, fear, shame, or anxiety so that someone can move more freely
in the world.

By:  Elisa Morgan

Reflect & Pray

What “intruder” might God be asking you to address to help another?
How might you allow someone to help rid your life of certain
“intruders”?

Dear God, thank You for the gift of Your Son who’s removed the
intruder of sin from my life and reconciled me to You!
