http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/odb/feed/~3/7bbSoomnZV8/

Home for Christmas

I am with you and will watch over you wherever you go, and I will
bring you back to this land.
Genesis 28:15

Today's Scripture & Insight: Genesis 28:10–17

One year Christmas found me on assignment in a place many of my
friends couldn’t locate on a map. Trudging from my worksite back to my
room, I braced against the chill wind blowing off the bleak Black Sea.
I missed home.

When I arrived at my room, I opened the door to a magical moment. My
artistic roommate had completed his latest project—a nineteen-inch
ceramic Christmas tree that now illuminated our darkened room with
sparkling dots of color. If only for a moment, I was home again!

As Jacob fled from his brother Esau, he found himself in a strange and
lonely place too. Asleep on the hard ground, he met God in a dream.
And God promised Jacob a home. “I will give you and your descendants
the land on which you are lying,” He told him. “All peoples on earth
will be blessed through you and your offspring” (Gen. 28:13–14).

From Jacob, of course, would come the promised Messiah, the One who
left His home to draw us to Himself. “I will come back and take you to
be with me that you also may be where I am,” Jesus told His disciples
(John 14:3).

That December night I sat in the darkness of my room and gazed at that
Christmas tree. Perhaps inevitably I thought of the Light that entered
the world to show us the way home.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Lord, no matter where we are today, we can thank You for preparing a
place for us to be with You. And we have the presence of Your Spirit
today!

Home is not so much a place on a map, as it is a place to belong. God
gives us that place.
