http://odb.org/2014/01/23/load-line/

Load Line

Humble yourselves under the mighty hand of God, that He may exalt you
in due time, casting all your care upon Him, for He cares for you. —
1 Peter 5:6-7

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Peter 5:5-9

In the 19th century, ships were often recklessly overloaded, resulting
in those ships going down and the crews being lost at sea. In 1875, to
remedy this negligent practice, British politician Samuel Plimsoll led
the charge for legislation to create a line on the side of a ship to
show if it was carrying too much cargo. That “load line” became known
as the Plimsoll Line, and it continues to mark the hulls of ships
today.

Sometimes, like those ships, our lives can seem overloaded with fears,
struggles, and heartaches. We can even feel that we are in danger of
going under. In those times, however, it is reassuring to remember
that we have a remarkable resource. We have a heavenly Father who
stands ready to help us carry that load. The apostle Peter said,
“Therefore humble yourselves under the mighty hand of God, that He may
exalt you in due time, casting all your care upon Him, for He cares
for you” (1 Peter 5:6-7). He is capable of handling the cares that
overwhelm us.

Though the testings of life may feel like a burden too heavy to bear,
we can have full assurance that our heavenly Father loves us deeply
and knows our load limits. Whatever we face, He will help us to bear
it.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Heavenly Father, I sometimes feel as if I can’t go on. I am tired, I
am weak, and I am worn. Thank You that You know my limits better than
I do. And that, in Your strength, I can find the enablement to endure.

God may lead us into troubled waters to deepen our trust in Him.
