http://odb.org/2010/07/05/retreating-forward/

Retreating Forward

When He had sent the multitudes away, He went up on the mountain by
Himself to pray. Now when evening came, He was alone there. —
Matthew 14:23

Today's Scripture: Matthew 14:13-23

A friend told me about his church’s leadership retreat. For 2 days,
church leaders pulled away for a time of prayer, planning, and
worship. My friend was not only refreshed but also energized. He told
me, “This retreat is really going to help us move forward as a church
ministry.”

It sounded funny to me—this notion of retreating in order to move
forward. But it is true. Sometimes you have to pull back and regroup
before you can make meaningful forward progress. This is particularly
true in our relationship with God.

Jesus Himself practiced “retreating forward.” After a busy day of
ministry in the region of the Sea of Galilee, He retreated. Matthew
14:23 tells us that “when He had sent the multitudes away, He went up
on the mountain by Himself to pray. Now when evening came, He was
alone there.” Alone in the presence of the Father.

In this fast-paced, get-ahead world, it’s easy to wear ourselves
down—pressing ahead and moving forward at all costs. But even in our
desire to be effective Christians, we must consistently be willing to
retreat into God’s presence. Only in the refreshing of His strength
can we find the resources to move forward in our service for Him.
Retreat in Jesus before moving forward.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

To face life’s many challenges And overcome each test, The Lord tells
us to take the time To stop. To pray. To rest. —Sper

Alone with the Father is the only place to find the strength to press
on.
