https://odb.org/2019/09/19/feeling-small/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Feeling Small

What is mankind that you are mindful of them, human beings that you
care for them?
Psalm 8:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 6:25–32

Many movie critics consider David Lean’s Lawrence of Arabia one of the
greatest films of all time. With its seemingly endless vistas of the
Arabian deserts, it has influenced a generation of
filmmakers—including Academy Award-winning director Steven Spielberg.
“I was inspired the first time I saw Lawrence,” said Spielberg. “It
made me feel puny. It still makes me feel puny. And that’s one measure
of its greatness.”

What makes me feel small is creation’s vastness—when I gaze at an
ocean, fly over the polar ice cap, or survey a night sky sparkling
with a billion stars. If the created universe is so expansive, how
much greater must be the Creator who spoke it into being!

God’s greatness and our feelings of insignificance are echoed by David
when he declares, “What are mere mortals that you should think about
them, human beings that you should care for them?” (Psalm 8:4 nlt ).
But Jesus assures us, “Look at the birds of the air; they do not sow
or reap or store away in barns, and yet your heavenly Father feeds
them. Are you not much more valuable than they?” (Matthew 6:26).

I may feel small and insignificant, but through my Father’s eyes, I
have great worth—a worth that is proven every time I look at the
cross. The price He was willing to pay to restore me to fellowship
with Him is evidence of how He values me.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

What wonder of creation draws your attention to God? How does it
impact you to know how much your Creator values you?

Father, help us to remember Your heart is for us. Read The Surprising
Side of God at discoveryseries.org/q0213.
