https://odb.org/2020/09/20/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Stopping Rumors

Do not spread false reports.
Exodus 23:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: Exodus 23:1–3

After Charles Simeon (1759–1836) was named the minister of Holy
Trinity Church in Cambridge, England, he faced years of opposition. As
most in the congregation had wanted the associate minister to be
appointed rather than Simeon, they spread rumors about him and
rejected his ministry—even at times locking him out of the church. But
Simeon, who desired to be filled by God’s Spirit, sought to cope with
the gossip by creating some principles to live by. One was never to
believe rumors unless they were absolutely true and another was
“always to believe, that if the other side were heard, a very
different account would be given of the matter.”

In this practice, Simeon followed God’s instructions to His people to
cease the gossip and malicious talk He knew would erode their love for
each other. One of God’s Ten Commandments reflects His desire for them
to live truthfully: “You shall not give false testimony against your
neighbor” (Exodus 20:16). Another instruction in Exodus reinforces
this commandment: “Do not spread false reports” (23:1).

Think of how different the world would be if each of us never spread
rumors and false reports and if we stopped them the moment we heard
them. May we rely on the Holy Spirit to help us speak the truth in
love as we use our words to bring glory to God.

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

What has helped you when you’ve faced opposition? How do you react
when you hear gossip?

Jesus, help me to speak Your truth in love. Give me words that bring
peace, grace, and encouragement.
