http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/odb/feed/~3/VVOMxdw8Ze8/

A New Community

All the believers were together and had everything in common.
Acts 2:44

Today's Scripture & Insight: Acts 2:1–12, 42–47

My friend Carrie’s five-year-old daughter, Maija, has an interesting
approach to playtime. She loves mixing together dolls from different
playsets to come up with a new community. In the world of her
imagination, everything belongs together. These are her people. She
believes they are happiest when they’re together, despite being
different sizes and shapes.

Her creativity reminds me of God’s purpose for the church. On the day
of Pentecost, Luke tells us, “Now there were staying in Jerusalem God-
fearing Jews from every nation under heaven” (Acts 2:5). Though these
people were from different cultures and spoke different languages, the
Holy Spirit’s arrival made them a new community: the church. From then
on, they would be considered one body, unified by the death and
resurrection of Jesus.

The leaders of this new body were a group of men Jesus brought
together during His time on earth—His disciples. If Jesus hadn’t
united them, more than likely they would never have come together. And
now more people—“about three thousand” (2:41)—had become Christ-
followers. Thanks to the Holy Spirit, this once divided group “had
everything in common” (v. 44). They were willing to share what they
had with each other.

The Holy Spirit continues to bridge the gaps between people groups. We
might not always get along, nor readily understand one another. But as
believers in Christ, we belong together.

By:  Linda Washington

Reflect & Pray

Jesus, thank You for dying for us and uniting us as one people in the
church.

The Holy Spirit turns “us” and “them” into “we.”
