https://odb.org/2018/04/09/remembrance/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Leaving a Legacy

A scroll of remembrance was written in his presence concerning those
who feared the Lord and honored his name.
Malachi 3:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 49:14–16

Some years ago our sons and I spent a week on an abandoned backcountry
ranch on the Salmon River, Idaho’s “River of No Return.”

One day, exploring the ranch, I came across an ancient grave with a
wooden marker. Whatever inscription the marker may have borne had long
since been weathered away. Someone lived and died—now was forgotten.
The gravesite seemed tragic to me. After we got home I spent several
hours reading about the history of the old ranch and that area, but
could find no information about the person buried there.

They say that the best among us is remembered for 100 years or so. The
rest of us are soon forgotten. The memory of past generations, like
our markers, soon fades away. Yet our legacy has been passed on
through the family of God. How we’ve loved God and others in our
lifetime lives on. Malachi 3:16–17 tells us, “a book of remembrance
was written before Him for those who fear the Lord and who esteem His
name. ‘They will be Mine,’ says the Lord of hosts, ‘on the day that I
prepare My own possession’ ” ( nasb ).

Paul said of David that he “served God’s purpose in his own
generation” and departed (Acts 13:36). Like him, may we love the Lord
and serve Him in our generation and leave the remembering to Him.
“They will be Mine,” says the Lord.

By:  David H. Roper

Reflect & Pray

May I be faithful to You today, Lord, as I spend my time loving others
with Your love. Help me to trust You with the legacy I’m leaving
behind.

Living for the Lord leaves a lasting legacy.
