http://odb.org/2012/02/18/invite-questions/

Invite Questions

Always be ready to give a defense to everyone who asks you a reason
for the hope that is in you. —
1 Peter 3:15

Today's Scripture: Exodus 12:1-13

When I teach, I sometimes use the motto “Question Authority” to get
the attention of my students. I am not inviting them to challenge my
authority; I am encouraging them to ask me questions. Some education
experts say that more learning takes place when teachers answer
questions than when they impart information. By nature, we all place a
higher value on what we want to know than on what someone wants to
tell us.

There is, of course, a place for both types of teaching, but
encouraging questions is one of the first that is found in Scripture.
Even before the Israelites left Egypt, the Lord instructed Moses to
institute a practice that would invite questions. The Passover
celebration would serve two purposes: It would remind the adults of
God’s deliverance, and it would cause their children to ask about it
(Ex. 12:26).

“Why” can be an annoying question, but it can also be a wonderful
opportunity to give a reason for our faith (1 Peter 3:15). Instead of
being impatient when others ask questions, we can be thankful they
have a heart and mind open to learning. Questions give us the
opportunity to answer lovingly and carefully, knowing that our words
may have eternal consequences.

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

Lord, may I be approachable and open to listening to others’
questions. May I not feel threatened but instead have confidence that
You will give me wisdom to know how to reply or where to find an
answer. Amen.

Honest questions can lead to faith-building answers.
