https://odb.org/2020/06/15/rebuilding-2/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

How to Rebuild

They replied, “Let us start rebuilding.” So they began this good work.
Nehemiah 2:18

Today's Scripture & Insight: Nehemiah 2:11–18

It was nighttime when the leader set out by horseback to inspect the
work that lay ahead. As he toured the destruction all around him, he
saw city walls that had been destroyed and gates that had been burned.
In some areas, the vast debris made it tough for his horse to get
through. Saddened, the rider turned toward home.

When it came time to report the damage to the officials of the city,
he began by saying, “You see the trouble we are in” (Nehemiah 2:17).
He reported that the city was in ruins, and the protecting city wall
had been rendered useless.

But then he made a statement that energized the troubled citizens: “I
also told them about the gracious hand of my God on me.” Immediately,
the people replied, “Let us start rebuilding” (v. 18).

And they did.

With faith in God and all-out effort, despite enemy opposition and a
seemingly impossible task, the people of Jerusalem—under Nehemiah’s
leadership—rebuilt the wall in just fifty-two days (6:15).

As you consider your circumstances, is there something that looks
difficult but that you know God wants you to do? A sin you can’t seem
to get rid of? A relationship rift that’s not God-honoring? A task for
Him that looks too hard?

Ask God for guidance (2:4–5), analyze the problem (vv. 11–15), and
recognize His involvement (v. 18). Then start rebuilding.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

What are a couple of “destroyed wall” situations that are troubling
you? How will prayerfully asking for God’s help and guidance help you
start the rebuilding process?

God, I need Your help. I can’t fix these problems alone. Help me to
understand the situation, and then to seek Your help and guidance in
resolving the challenges before me.
