https://odb.org/2021/04/06/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Companions in Christ

I thank my God every time I remember you.
Philippians 1:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: Philippians 1:3–8

The Harvard Study of Adult Development is a decades-long project
that’s resulted in a greater understanding of the importance of
healthy relationships. The research began with a group of 268
sophomores at Harvard University in the 1930s and later expanded to,
among others, 456 Boston inner-city residents. Researchers have
conducted interviews with the participants and pored over their
medical records every few years. They discovered that close
relationships are the biggest factor in predicting happiness and
health. It turns out that if we surround ourselves with the right
people, we’ll likely experience a deeper sense of joy.

This appears to reflect what the apostle Paul is describing in
Philippians 1. Writing from prison, Paul can’t help but tell his
friends that he thanks God for them every time he remembers them,
praying “with joy” (v. 4). But these aren’t just any friends; these
are brothers and sisters in Jesus who “share in God’s grace,” partners
in the gospel with Paul (v. 7). Their relationship was one of sharing
and mutuality—a true fellowship shaped by God’s love and the gospel
itself.

Yes, friends are important, but fellow companions in Christ are
catalysts of a true and deep joy. The grace of God can bind us
together like nothing else. And even through the darkest seasons of
life, the joy that comes from that bond will last.

By:  Glenn Packiam

Reflect & Pray

Who are the friends that surround you? What’s the substance of your
relationships? How has the grace of God shaped your choice of
companions?

Dear God, thank You for the gift of friendship. Help me to express my
gratitude to those who have been faithful companions to me. Give me
the grace to strengthen and encourage them.
