https://odb.org/2017/06/22/silence/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=f
eed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Silence

How long, Lord, must I call for help, but you do not listen?
Habakkuk 1:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: Habakkuk 1:1–4; 2:20

Skittish chickens scattered as relief trucks clattered past the
weathered huts of the village. Barefoot children stared. Traffic on
this rain-ravaged “road” was rare.

Suddenly, a walled mansion loomed into view of the convoy. It was the
mayor’s house—although he didn’t live in it. His people lacked basic
necessities, while he lounged in luxury in a distant city.

Such unfairness angers us. It angered God’s prophet too. When Habakkuk
saw rampant oppression he asked, “How long, Lord, must I call for
help, but you do not listen?” (Hab. 1:2). But God had noticed, and He
said, “Woe to him who piles up stolen goods . . . who builds his house
by unjust gain!” (2:6, 9). Judgment was coming!

We welcome God’s judgment of others, but there’s a pivot point in
Habakkuk that gives us pause: “The Lord is in his holy temple; let all
the earth be silent before him” (2:20). All the earth. The oppressed
along with oppressors. Sometimes the appropriate response to God’s
seeming silence is . . . silence!

Why silence? Because we easily overlook our own spiritual poverty.
Silence allows us to recognize our sinfulness in the presence of a
holy God.

Habakkuk learned to trust God, and we can too. We don’t know all His
ways, but we do know that He is good. Nothing is beyond His control
and timing.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Lord, when trouble comes we can pray like Habakkuk, “We have heard of
your fame; we stand in awe of your deeds. Repeat them in our day; in
our time make them known” (Hab. 3:2).

The righteous care about justice for the poor, but the wicked have no
such concern. Proverbs 29:7
