http://odb.org/2015/12/10/like-shooting-a-fly/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Like Shooting a Fly

Christ’s love compels us, because we are convinced that one died for
all, and therefore all died.
2 Corinthians 5:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Corinthians 4:1-6

Macarena Valdes’s skill in mapping underground mines made a real
difference in the rescue of the 33 Chilean miners trapped after an
explosion in October 2010. Drilling to find the exact place where the
men were located was like “trying to shoot a fly from 700 meters
away,” she said. With her mining experience, Valdes was able to guide
the probe to where the miners were entombed, which helped bring about
their dramatic rescue.

In efforts to carry out spiritual rescues, it’s easy to become
discouraged. Although the apostle Paul faced even greater obstacles,
he said, “We do not lose heart” (2 Cor. 4:1). Even though “the god of
this age” had “blinded the minds of unbelievers, so that they cannot
see the light of the gospel,” he continued to proclaim the gospel of
salvation (vv. 4-5). Compelled by God, who lovingly spoke light into
his own darkness (v.6), Paul knew that what God had done for him God
could do for others.

You and I may have a similar story. Compelled by the love of God, we
too have reason not to lose heart. As Macarena led in the rescue of
the miners, the Spirit of God can carry the light of our love and
words into the hearts of those who need a rescue they may not yet
understand.

By:  C. P. Hia

Reflect & Pray

Lord Jesus, thank You for coming to our rescue when we were lost and
helpless in our sin. Help those of us who have been rescued to share
the lifeline of Your love with those who are still trapped.

When you’ve been rescued, you want to rescue others.
