http://odb.org/2016/05/12/ambassador-of-love/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Ambassador of Love

For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but
to save the world through him.
John 3:17

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 3:9-21

In my work as a chaplain, some people occasionally ask if I am willing
to give them some additional spiritual help. While I’m happy to spend
time with anyone who asks for help, I often find myself doing more
learning than teaching. This was especially true when one painfully
honest new Christian said to me with resignation, “I don’t think it’s
a good idea for me to read the Bible. The more I read what God expects
from me, the more I judge others who aren’t doing what it says.”

As he said this, I realized that I was at least partly responsible for
instilling this judgmental spirit in him. At that time, one of the
first things I did with those new to faith in Jesus was to introduce
them to things they should no longer be doing. In other words, instead
of showing them God’s love and letting the Holy Spirit reshape them, I
urged them to “behave like a believer.”

Now I was gaining a new appreciation for John 3:16-17. Jesus’
invitation to believe in Him in verse 16 is followed by these words.
“For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but
to save the world through him.”

Jesus didn’t come to condemn us. But by giving these new Christians a
checklist of behaviors, I was teaching them to condemn themselves,
which then led them to judge others. Instead of being agents of
condemnation, we are to be ambassadors of God’s love and mercy.

By:  Randy Kilgore

Reflect & Pray

Father, help me not to judge others today. Let me learn this until it
changes me into someone more like You.

If Jesus didn’t come to condemn the world, that’s probably not our
mission either!
