http://odb.org/2015/03/30/its-beautiful-2/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

It’s Beautiful!

Jesus said, “Let her alone. Why do you trouble her? She has done a
good work for Me.” —
Mark 14:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: Mark 14:3-9

After being away on business, Terry wanted to pick up some small gifts
for his children. The clerk at the airport gift shop recommended a
number of costly items. “I don’t have that much money with me,” he
said. “I need something less expensive.” The clerk tried to make him
feel that he was being cheap. But Terry knew his children would be
happy with whatever he gave them, because it came from a heart of
love. And he was right—they loved the gifts he brought them.

During Jesus’ last visit to the town of Bethany, Mary wanted to show
her love for Him (Mark 14:3-9). So she brought “an alabaster flask of
very costly oil of spikenard” and anointed Him (v.3). The disciples
asked angrily, “Why this waste?” (Matt. 26:8). Jesus told them to stop
troubling her, for “she has done a good work for Me” (Mark 14:6).
Another translation reads, “She has done a beautiful thing to Me.”
Jesus delighted in her gift, for it came from a heart of love. Even
anointing Him for burial was beautiful!

What would you like to give to Jesus to show your love? Your time,
talent, treasure? It doesn’t matter if it’s costly or inexpensive,
whether others understand or criticize. Whatever is given from a heart
of love is beautiful to Him.

By:  Anne Cetas

Reflect & Pray

Nothing I could give You, Father, could repay You for Your sacrifice.
But I want to give You what You would think is beautiful. I give You
my heart today in thankfulness for Your love.

A healthy heart beats with love for Jesus.
