https://odb.org/2018/02/21/of-spiders-and-gods-presence/?utm_source=fe
edburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+
Bread%29

Of Spiders and God’s Presence

I pray that out of his glorious riches he may strengthen you with
power through his Spirit in your inner being.
Ephesians 3:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ephesians 3:14–19

Spiders. I don’t know any kid who likes them. At least not in their
rooms . . . at bedtime. But as she was getting ready for bed, my
daughter spied one dangerously close to her bed. “Daaaad!!!!!
Spiiiderrr!!!!!” she hollered. Despite my determination, I couldn’t
find the eight-legged interloper. “He’s not going to hurt you,” I
reassured her. She wasn’t convinced. It wasn’t until I told her I’d
stay next to her top bunk and stand guard that she agreed to get in
bed.

As my daughter settled in, I held her hand. I told her, “I love you so
much. I’m right here. But you know what? God loves you even more than
Daddy and Mommy. And He’s very close. You can always pray to Him when
you’re scared.” That seemed to comfort her, and peaceful sleep came
quickly.

Scripture repeatedly reassures us God is always near (Psalm 145:18;
Romans 8:38–39; James 4:7–8), but sometimes we struggle to believe it.
Perhaps that’s why Paul prayed for the believers in Ephesus to have
strength and power to grasp that truth (Ephesians 3:16). He knew that
when we’re frightened, we can lose track of God’s proximity. But just
as I lovingly held my daughter as she went to sleep that night, so our
loving heavenly Father is always as close to us as a prayer.

By:  Adam R. Holz

Reflect & Pray

Lord, thank You for always being close by. Please give us strength and
power in our hearts to remember You are near, You love us deeply, and
we can always call out to You.

God is always near in spite of our fears.
