http://odb.org/2016/01/10/true-shelter/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

True Shelter

The name of the Lord is a fortified tower; the righteous run to it and
are safe.
Proverbs 18:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Joshua 20:1-9

In March 2014 a tribal conflict broke out in my hometown area, forcing
my father’s household, along with other refugees, to take cover in the
region’s capital city. Throughout history, people who have felt unsafe
in their homelands have traveled to other places searching for safety
and something better.

As I visited and talked with people from my hometown, I thought of the
cities of refuge in Joshua 20:1-9. These were cities designated as
places of safety for those fleeing from “relatives seeking revenge” in
the case of an accidental killing (v. 3 nlt). They offered peace and
protection.

People today still seek places of refuge, although for a variety of
reasons. But as needed as these sanctuaries are, supplying shelter and
food, they cannot completely meet the needs of refugees and fugitives.
That rest is found only in God. Those who walk with God find true
shelter and the safest protection in Him. When ancient Israel was sent
into exile, the Lord said, “I have been a sanctuary [safe haven] for
them in the countries where they have gone” (Ezek. 11:16).

With the psalmist, we can say confidently to the Lord, “You are my
hiding place; you will protect me from trouble and surround me with
songs of deliverance” (32:7).

By:  Lawrence Darmani

Reflect & Pray

Father, thank You for being a rock to which we can flee and that no
matter where we are or in what circumstances we find ourselves, You
are there with us. Help us to remember that even in the darkest of
nights, You are our strong tower.

Nothing can shake those who are secure in God’s hands.
