http://odb.org/2014/01/24/where-have-you-been/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Where Have You Been?

How shall they believe in Him of whom they have not heard? And how
shall they hear without a preacher? —
Romans 10:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 10:11-15

Missionary Egerton Ryerson Young served the Salteaux tribe in Canada
in the 1700s. The chief of the tribe thanked Young for bringing the
good news of Christ to them, noting that he was hearing it for the
first time in his old age. Since he knew that God was Young’s heavenly
Father, the chief asked, “Does that mean He is my Father too?” When
the missionary answered, “Yes,” the crowd that had gathered around
burst into cheers.

The chief was not finished, however. “Well,” said the chief, “I do not
want to be rude, but it does seem to me . . . that it took a long time
for you to . . . tell it to your brother in the woods.” It was a
remark that Young never forgot.

Many times I’ve been frustrated by the zigs and zags of my life,
thinking of the people I could reach if only. Then God reminds me to
look around right where I am, and I discover many who have never heard
of Jesus. In that moment, I’m reminded that I have a story to tell
wherever I go, “for the same Lord over all is rich to all who call
upon Him. For ‘whoever calls on the name of the Lord shall be saved’ ”
(Rom. 10:12-13).

Remember, we don’t have just any story to tell—it’s the best story
that has ever been told.

By:  Randy Kilgore

Reflect & Pray

I love to tell the story, For some have never heard The message of
salvation From God’s own holy Word. —Hankey

Sharing the good news is one beggar telling another beggar where to
find bread.
