https://odb.org/2018/02/09/unlikely-friends/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Unlikely Friends

The wolf will live with the lamb, the leopard will lie down with the
goat, the calf and the lion and the yearling together.
Isaiah 11:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 11:1–10

My Facebook friends often post endearing videos of unlikely animal
friendships, such as a recent video I watched of an inseparable pup
and pig, another of a deer and cat, and yet another of an orangutan
mothering several tiger cubs.

When I view such heartwarmingly unusual friendships, it reminds me of
the description of the garden of Eden. In this setting, Adam and Eve
lived in harmony with God and each other. And because God gave them
plants for food, I imagine even the animals lived peacefully together
(Genesis 1:30). But this idyllic scene was disrupted when Adam and Eve
sinned (3:21–23). Now in both human relationships and the creation, we
see constant struggle and conflict.

Yet the prophet Isaiah reassures us that one day, “The wolf will live
with the lamb, the leopard will lie down with the goat, the calf and
the lion and the yearling together” (11:6). Many interpret that future
day as when Jesus comes again to reign. When He returns, there will be
no more divisions and “no more death . . . or pain, for the old order
of things has passed away” (Revelation 21:4). On that renewed earth,
creation will be restored to its former harmony and people of every
tribe, nation, and language will join together to worship God (7:9–10;
22:1–5).

Until then, God can help us to restore broken relationships and to
develop new, unlikely friendships.

By:  Alyson Kieda

Reflect & Pray

Dear Father, help us to break down barriers and to seek to befriend
others; and as we do, enable us to be bearers of the gospel of peace.

One day God will restore the world to perfect peace.
