http://odb.org/2016/03/12/abigails-reminder/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Abigail’s Reminder

When the Lord takes pleasure in anyone’s way, he causes their enemies
to make peace with them.
Proverbs 16:7

Today's Scripture: 1 Samuel 25:14-33

David and 400 of his warriors thundered through the countryside in
search of Nabal, a prosperous brute who had harshly refused to lend
them help. David would have murdered him if he hadn’t first
encountered Abigail, Nabal’s wife. She had packed up enough food to
feed an army and traveled out to meet the troops, hoping to head off
disaster. She respectfully reminded David that guilt would haunt him
if he followed through with his vengeful plan (1 Sam. 25:31). David
realized she was right and blessed her for her good judgment.

David’s anger was legitimate—he had protected Nabal’s shepherds in the
wilderness (vv.14-17) and had been repaid evil for good. However, his
anger was leading him into sin. David’s first instinct was to sink his
sword into Nabal, even though he knew God did not approve of murder
and revenge (Ex. 20:13; Lev. 19:18).

When we’ve been offended, it’s good to compare our instincts with
God’s intent for human behavior. We may be inclined to strike at
people verbally, isolate ourselves, or escape through any number of
ways. However, choosing a gracious response will help us avoid regret,
and most important it will please God. When our desire is to honor God
in our relationships, He is able to make even our enemies to be at
peace with us (see Prov. 16:7).

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

Lord, thank You for holding back Your anger and having mercy on me.
Help me to walk in step with Your Spirit so that my actions please You
in every situation.

We can endure life’s wrongs because we know that God will make things
right.
