https://odb.org/2021/03/26/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Slum Songs

They will enter Zion with singing; everlasting joy will crown their
heads.
Isaiah 35:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 35

Cateura is a small slum in Paraguay, South America. Desperately poor,
its villagers survive by recycling items from its rubbish dump. But
from these unpromising conditions something beautiful has emerged—an
orchestra.

With a violin costing more than a house in Cateura, the orchestra had
to get creative, crafting its own instruments from their garbage
supply. Violins are made from oil cans with bent forks as tailpieces.
Saxophones have come from drainpipes with bottle tops for keys. Cellos
are made from tin drums with gnocchi rollers for tuning pegs. Hearing
Mozart played on these contraptions is a beautiful thing. The
orchestra has gone on tour in many countries, lifting the sights of
its young members.

Violins from landfills. Music from slums. That’s symbolic of what God
does. For when the prophet Isaiah envisions God’s new creation, a
similar picture of beauty-from-poverty emerges, with barren lands
bursting into blooming flowers (Isaiah 35:1–2), deserts flowing with
streams (vv. 6–7), castaway war tools crafted into garden instruments
(2:4), and impoverished people becoming whole to the sounds of joyful
songs (35:5–6, 10).

“The world sends us garbage,” Cateura’s orchestra director says. “We
send back music.” And as they do, they give the world a glimpse of the
future, when God will wipe away the tears of every eye and poverty
will be no more.

By:  Sheridan Voysey

Reflect & Pray

How have you seen God turn the “garbage” of your life into something
beautiful? How might He wish to bring “music” out of your pain?

Holy Spirit, turn the poverty in my life into something beautiful.
