http://odb.org/2014/12/18/my-friends-and-i/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

My Friends And I

Then Jonathan and David made a covenant, because he loved him as his
own soul. —
1 Samuel 18:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Samuel 18:1-4; 23:15-18

John Chrysostom (347–407), archbishop of Constantinople, said this
about friendship: “Such is friendship, that through it we love places
and seasons; for as . . . flowers drop their sweet leaves on the
ground around them, so friends impart favor even to the places where
they dwell.”

Jonathan and David illustrate the sweetness of a true friendship. The
Bible records an intimate and immediate bond between them (1 Sam.
18:1). They kept their friendship alive by demonstrating their loyalty
to each other (18:3; 20:16, 42; 23:18), as well as nurturing it by
expressions of concern. Jonathan gave gifts to David (18:4) and
watched out for him through many difficulties (19:1-2; 20:12-13).

In 1 Samuel 23:16, we see the highest moment of their friendship. When
David was a fugitive on the run from Jonathan’s father, “Jonathan,
Saul’s son, arose and went to David in the woods and strengthened his
hand in God.” Friends help you find strength in God during the low
points of life.

In a world where most relationships are about what we can get, let us
be the type of friends who focus on what we can give. Jesus, our
perfect Friend, demonstrated for us that “greater love has no one than
this, than to lay down one’s life for his friends” (John 15:13).

By:  Poh Fang Chia

Reflect & Pray

Thank You, Lord, for the friends You’ve given me to love me in spite
of my failures and weaknesses. Let me treat them as You treated Your
friends. Bind us together in You and enable us to help one another.

The glory of life is to love, not to be loved; to give, not to get; to
serve, not to be served.
