http://odb.org/2014/12/07/johnnys-race/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Johnny’s Race

Comfort each other and edify one another. —
1 Thessalonians 5:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: Hebrews 10:19-25

When 19-year-old Johnny Agar finished the 5k race, he had a lot of
people behind him—family members and friends who were celebrating his
accomplishment.

Johnny has cerebral palsy, which makes physical activity difficult.
But he and his dad, Jeff, have teamed up to compete in many races—Dad
pushing and Johnny riding. But one day, Johnny wanted to finish by
himself. Halfway through the race, his dad took him out of his cart,
helped him to his walker, and assisted Johnny as he completed the race
on his own two feet. That led to a major celebration as friends and
family cheered his accomplishment. “It made it easier for me to do it
with them behind me,” Johnny told a reporter. “The encouragement is
what drove me.”

Isn’t that what Christ-followers are meant to do? Hebrews 10:24
reminds us, “Let us consider how we may spur one another on toward
love and good deeds” (niv). As we model the love of our Savior (John
13:34-35), imagine the difference it could make if we all set out to
encourage each other—if we always knew that behind us we had a group
of friends cheering us on. If we took the words “comfort each other
and edify one another” (1 Thess. 5:11) seriously, the race would be
easier for all of us.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

Help us, Lord, not to think that we can go through life without
others. Cure us of our independent spirit. Use us to bless others and
humble us to accept encouragement.

A word of encouragement can make the difference between giving up or
going on.
