https://odb.org/2020/06/21/the-man-in-seat-2d/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Man in Seat 2D

Be rich in good deeds, and [be] generous and willing to share.
1 Timothy 6:18

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Timothy 6:17–19

Kelsey navigated the narrow airplane aisle with her eleven-month-old
daughter, Lucy, and Lucy’s oxygen machine. They were traveling to seek
treatment for her baby’s chronic lung disease. Shortly after settling
into their shared seat, a flight attendant approached Kelsey, saying a
passenger in first class wanted to switch seats with her. With tears
of gratitude streaming down her face, Kelsey made her way back up the
aisle to the more spacious seat, while the benevolent stranger made
his way toward hers.

Kelsey’s benefactor embodied the kind of generosity Paul encourages in
his letter to Timothy. Paul told Timothy to instruct those in his care
with the command to “do good, to be rich in good deeds, and to be
generous and willing to share” (1 Timothy 6:18). It’s tempting, Paul
says, to become arrogant and put our hope in the riches of this world.
Instead, he suggests that we focus on living a life of generosity and
service to others, becoming “rich” in good deeds, like the man from
seat 2D on Kelsey’s flight.

Whether we find ourselves with plenty or in want, we all can
experience the richness of living generously by being willing to share
what we have with others. When we do, Paul says we will “take hold of
the life that is truly life” (v. 19).

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

Who has been “generous and willing to share” with you? With whom can
you share generously today?

God, please give me a generous spirit as I renew my hope in You. Read
about learning to love like Jesus at discoveryseries.org/q0208.
