http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/odb/feed/~3/VUDZAufpzPU/

Stay Awhile

All these people were still living by faith when they died. They did
not receive the things promised; they only saw them and welcomed them
from a distance, admitting that they were foreigners and strangers on
earth.
Hebrews 11:13

Today's Scripture & Insight: Hebrews 11:8–13

During a discussion of The Lord of the Rings movie trilogy, a teenager
said he prefers his stories in books rather than movies. When asked
why, the young man replied, “With a book, I can stay there as long as
I want.” There is something to be said for the power of lingering in a
book, especially the Bible, and “inhabiting” the stories there.

Hebrews 11, often called “the faith chapter” of the Bible, mentions
many individuals by name. Each of these people traveled a road of
difficulty and doubt, but many of them chose to obey God. Scripture
describes those who lived by faith in this way: “All these people were
still living by faith when they died. They did not receive the things
promised; they only saw them and welcomed them from a distance,
admitting that they were foreigners and strangers on earth” (v. 13).

How easy it is to rush through our Bible reading without pondering the
people and events in the text. Our self-imposed time schedule robs us
of going deeper into God’s truth and His plan for our lives. Yet, when
we are willing to stay awhile, we find ourselves caught up in the
real-life dramas of people like us who chose to stake their lives on
God’s faithfulness.

When we open God’s Word, it’s good to recall that we can stay as long
as we want.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Father in heaven, thank You for Your written Word and the examples of
people who lived by faith. Help us to follow You as they did.

Linger in God’s Word and you'll find stories of faith.
