https://odb.org/2020/01/07/secret-delivery/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Secret Delivery

When you give to the needy, do not let your left hand know what your
right hand is doing.
Matthew 6:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 6:1–4

A clear, glass vase with bell-shaped lilies of the valley, pink
tulips, and yellow daffodils greeted Kim at her front door. For seven
months, an anonymous believer in Jesus sent Kim beautiful bouquets
from a local flower shop. Each monthly gift arrived with a note filled
with scriptural encouragement and signed: “Love, Jesus.”

Kim shared photos of these secret deliveries on Facebook. The flowers
gave her opportunity to celebrate an individual’s kindness and to
acknowledge the way God expressed His love to her through His people.
As she trusted Him through her battle with a terminal disease, every
colorful blossom and handwritten note affirmed God’s loving compassion
for her.

The sender’s anonymity reflects the heart motive Jesus encourages His
people to adopt when giving. He warns against practicing righteous
acts “to be seen” by others (Matthew 6:1). Good deeds are intended to
be expressions of worship overflowing from hearts grateful for all
God’s done for us. Highlighting our own generosity with the hope or
expectation of being honored can take the focus off the Giver of all
good things—Jesus.

God knows when we give with good intentions (v. 4). He simply wants
our generosity motivated by love as we give Him the glory, the honor,
and the praise.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

How can you place the spotlight on Jesus by giving to someone in
secret this week? How can you give God credit while still accepting
appreciation?

Jesus, thank You for reminding us that giving to others is a privilege
and a wonderful way to thank You for all You’ve given us.
