https://odb.org/2020/08/19/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Only Trust

So there was food every day for Elijah and for the woman and her
family.
1 Kings 17:15

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Kings 17:8–16

Three hundred children were dressed and seated for breakfast, and a
prayer of thanks was offered for the food. But there was no food!
Situations like this were not unusual for orphanage director and
missionary George Mueller (1805–1898). Here was yet another
opportunity to see how God would provide. Within minutes of Mueller’s
prayer, a baker who couldn’t sleep the night before showed up at the
door. Sensing that the orphanage could use the bread, he had made
three batches. Not long afterward, the town milkman appeared. His cart
had broken down in front of the orphanage. Not wanting the milk to
spoil, he offered it to Mueller.

It’s normal to experience bouts of worry, anxiety, and self-pity when
we lack resources essential to our well-being—food, shelter, health,
finances, friendships. First Kings 17:8–16 reminds us that God’s help
can come through unexpected sources like a needy widow. “I don’t have
any bread—only a handful of flour in a jar and a little olive oil in a
jug” (v. 12). Earlier it was ravens that provided for Elijah (vv.
4–6). Concerns for our needs to be met can send us searching in many
directions. A clear vision of God as the Provider who has promised to
supply our needs can be liberating. Before we seek solutions, may we
be careful to seek Him first. Doing so can save us time, energy, and
frustration.

By:  Arthur Jackson

Reflect & Pray

What’s been your experience when you’ve focused on securing provision
before seeking the Provider in prayer? What current needs will you
bring before God?

Father, sharpen my vision of You as the Provider for all my needs.
Forgive me for times I have futilely sought to find my way without
seeking You first.
