http://odb.org/2014/10/02/in-the-storm/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

In The Storm

[Jesus] said to the sea, “Peace, be still!” —
Mark 4:39

Today's Scripture & Insight: Mark 4:35-41

A storm was brewing—not just on the horizon but also in a friend’s
home. “When I was in Hong Kong,” she shared, “the local meteorological
service announced that there was a superstorm approaching. But more
than the storm that was looming outside my window, there was a storm
brewing at home. While my dad was in the hospital, family members were
trying to balance their home and work responsibilities while also
traveling to and from the hospital. They were so tired that patience
was wearing thin, and the situation at home was tense.”

Life can feel like a storm—tossing us around with winds of misfortune,
grief, or stress. Where can we turn? When Jesus’ disciples were caught
in a great windstorm and wondered if He cared, they still knew where
to turn. He demonstrated His power by calming the howling storm (Mark
4:38-39).

But often He does not calm the storm immediately. And, like the
disciples, we may feel that He doesn’t care. To calm our fears, we can
cling to faith in who God is and what He can do. We can take shelter
in Him (Ps. 91:1). We can find His help to relate to others with
grace. We can rest in an all-powerful, all-wise, and all-loving God.
He is with us in the storm and cradles us through the storm.

By:  Poh Fang Chia

Reflect & Pray

Whether the wrath of the storm-tossed sea, Or demons or men, or
whatever it be No waters can swallow the ship where lies The Master of
the ocean, and earth, and skies. —Baker

One need not cry out very loudly; He is nearer to us than we think.
—Brother Lawrence
