http://odb.org/2011/02/20/who’s-the-audience/

Who’s The Audience?

Whoever offers praise glorifies Me. —
Psalm 50:23

Today's Scripture: Psalm 50:7-15

I  used to view the worship service  in church as a time for
entertainment. Speaking of folks like me, Sören Kierkegaard said that
we tend to think of church as a kind of theater: We sit in the
audience, attentively watching the actors onstage. If sufficiently
entertained, we show our gratitude with applause. Church, though,
should be the opposite of the theater. God is the audience for our
worship.

What matters most takes place within the hearts of the
congregation—not onstage. We should leave a worship service asking
ourselves not “What did I get out of it?” but rather “Was God pleased
with what happened?”

God took pains to specify details of animal sacrifice for the ancient
Israelites in their worship. Yet He said that He didn’t need their
animals: “I will not take a bull from your house, nor goats out of
your folds. For every beast of the forest is Mine, and the cattle on a
thousand hills” (Ps. 50:9-10). What He wanted was their praise and
obedience (v.23).

By focusing on the externals of worship, we too miss the point: The
Lord is interested in a sacrifice of the heart, an internal attitude
of submission and thanksgiving. The goal of worship is nothing less
than to meet and please our God.

By:  Philip Yancey

Reflect & Pray

Lord, may our worship and our praise, From hearts surrendered to Your
ways, Be worthy offerings of love For all Your blessings from above.
—Sper

At the heart of worship is worship from the heart.
