https://odb.org/2020/03/30/blessed-bread/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Blessed Bread

Jesus took some bread and blessed it.
Matthew 26:26

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 26:26–29

When our oldest child became a teenager, my wife and I gave her a
journal that we’d been writing in since her birth. We’d recorded her
likes and dislikes, quirks and memorable one-liners. At some point the
entries became more like letters, describing what we see in her and
how we see God at work in her. When we gave it to her on her
thirteenth birthday, she was mesmerized. She’d been given the gift of
knowing a crucial part of the origins of her identity.

In blessing something as common as bread, Jesus was revealing its
identity. What it—along with all creation—was made to reflect: God’s
glory. I believe Jesus was also pointing to the future of the material
world. All creation will one day be filled with the glory of God. So
in blessing bread (Matthew 26:26), Jesus was pointing to the origin
and the destiny of creation (Romans 8:21–22).

Maybe the “beginning” of your story feels messed up. Maybe you don’t
think there’s much of a future. But there’s a bigger story. It’s a
story of a God who made you on purpose and for a purpose, who took
pleasure in you. It’s a story of God who came to rescue you (Matthew
26:28); a God who put His Spirit in you to renew you and recover your
identity. It’s a story of a God who wants to bless you.

By:  Glenn Packiam

Reflect & Pray

How does seeing your true origin story as being made on purpose and
for a purpose change the way you see yourself? What’s the bigger story
than simply your situation right now?

Dear Jesus, I place my life like bread in Your hands. Only You can
return me to my origin. Only You can carry me to my destiny. Jesus,
You are the author and the finisher of my faith.
