http://odb.org/2011/04/01/feeding-ourselves/

Feeding Ourselves

By this time you ought to be teachers. —
Hebrews 5:12

Today's Scripture: Hebrews 5:12–6:2

The eaglets were hungry, and Mom and Dad seemed to be ignoring them.
The oldest of the three decided to solve his hunger problem by gnawing
on a twig. Apparently it wasn’t too tasty, because he soon abandoned
it.

What intrigued me about this little drama, which was being broadcast
by webcam from Norfolk Botanical Garden, was that a big fish lay just
behind the eaglets. But they had not yet learned to feed themselves.
They still relied on their parents to tear their food in tiny pieces
and feed it to them. Within a few weeks, however, the parents will
teach the eaglets how to feed themselves—one of their first survival
lessons. If the eaglets don’t learn this skill, they will never be
able to survive on their own.

The author of Hebrews spoke of a similar problem in the spiritual
realm. Certain people in the church were not growing in spiritual
maturity. They had not learned to distinguish between good and bad
(Heb. 5:14). Like the eaglet, they hadn’t learned the difference
between a twig and a fish. They still needed to be fed by someone else
when they should have been feeding not only themselves but others as
well (v.12).

While receiving spiritual food from preachers and teachers is good,
spiritual growth and survival also depend on knowing how to feed
ourselves.

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

You’ve given us Your Spirit, Lord, To help us grow, mature, and learn,
To teach us from Your written Word, So truth from error we’ll discern.
—Sper

Spiritual growth requires the solid food of God’s Word.
