https://odb.org/2020/03/11/he-knows-all-about-it/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

He Knows All About It

His understanding has no limit.
Psalm 147:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: Mark 12:41–44

Finn, a Siamese fighting fish, lived at our house for two years. My
young daughter would often bend down to talk with him after dropping
food into his tank. When the topic of pets came up in kindergarten,
she proudly claimed him as her own. Eventually, Finn passed away, and
my daughter was heartbroken.

My mother advised me to listen closely to my daughter’s feelings and
tell her, “God knows all about it.” I agreed that God knows
everything, yet wondered, How will that be comforting? Then it
occurred to me that God isn’t simply aware of the events in our
lives—He compassionately sees into our souls and knows how they affect
us. He understands that “little things” can feel like big things
depending on our age, past wounds, or lack of resources.

Jesus saw the real size of a widow’s gift—and heart—as she dropped two
coins into a temple collection box. He described what it meant for her
as He said, “This poor widow has put more into the treasury than all
the others. . . . [She put in] all she had to live on” (Mark
12:43–44).

The widow kept quiet about her situation but Jesus recognized that
what others considered a tiny donation was a sacrifice to her. He sees
our lives in the same way. May we find comfort in His limitless
understanding.

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

How might you show compassion to someone who is upset about a “small”
problem? How does God respond when you tell Him about your problems?

God, thank You for knowing me completely and loving me. Help me to
feel Your comfort when I consider Your infinite knowledge of my life.
