https://odb.org/2020/08/31/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Servant Hears

The Lord came and stood there, calling as at the other times, “Samuel!
Samuel!” Then Samuel said, “Speak, for your servant is listening.”
1 Samuel 3:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Samuel 3:1–10

Had the wireless radio been on, they would have known the Titanic was
sinking. Cyril Evans, the radio operator of another ship, had tried to
relay a message to Jack Phillips, the radio operator on the
Titanic—letting him know they had encountered an ice field. But
Phillips was busy relaying passengers’ messages and rudely told Evans
to be quiet. So Evans reluctantly turned off his radio and went to
bed. Ten minutes later, the Titanic struck an iceberg. Their distress
signals went unanswered because no one was listening.

In 1 Samuel we read that the priests of Israel were corrupt and had
lost their spiritual sight and hearing as the nation drifted into
danger. “The word of the Lord was rare; there were not many visions”
(1 Samuel 3:1). Yet God wouldn’t give up on His people. He began to
speak to a young boy named Samuel who was being raised in the priest’s
household. Samuel’s name means “the Lord hears”—a memorial to God’s
answering his mother’s prayer. But Samuel would need to learn how to
hear God.

“Speak, for your servant is listening” (v. 10). It’s the servant who
hears. May we also choose to listen to and obey what God has revealed
in the Scriptures. Let’s submit our lives to Him and take the posture
of humble servants—those who have their “radios” turned on.

By:  Glenn Packiam

Reflect & Pray

Why is it vital for you to obey what God has revealed in Scripture?
How can you stay “tuned in” to His voice?

Dear Jesus, thank You for being a speaking God. Thank You for the
Scriptures that help me follow You in obedience. Speak, Your servant
is listening.
