http://odb.org/2012/10/12/a-working-church/

A Working Church

We give thanks to God always for you all, . . . remembering without
ceasing your work of faith, labor of love, and patience of hope. —
1 Thessalonians 1:2-3

Today's Scripture: Revelation 2:1-7

My wife, Shirley, and I enjoyed a cruise along the fjords of Norway in
celebration of our 50th wedding anniversary. As we journeyed
northward, we stopped in numerous towns and villages, often visiting
churches. Among them was a 12th-century church that our guide
described proudly as “still a working church.” I asked, “What do you
mean?” She referred to the days of the state church, when the state-
appointed pastors simply collected their paychecks but no one attended
the services. But this church had been faithfully holding worship
services and actively serving the Lord for almost 1,000 years!

I immediately thought of the seven churches of Revelation 2 and 3 to
whom Jesus said, “I know your works” (2:2,9,13,19; 3:1,8,15). In
addition, the church of Thessalonica was commended by the apostle Paul
for its “work of faith, labor of love, and patience of hope in our
Lord Jesus Christ” (1 Thess. 1:3).

I also thought of my church at home. For more than 130 years it has
been faithful in preaching and caring for its congregation and
community. It is truly a “working church.” What a privilege we have if
we’re part of a local body of believers where we can grow and serve
our Lord!

By:  David C. Egner

Reflect & Pray

Lord, thank You for placing us into Your family and giving us the
privilege and responsibility to serve You through our churches. May we
be a shining light of Your love to our communities and the world.

The church is a living body and must have working parts.
