http://odb.org/2015/06/13/what-is-that-to-you-2/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

What Is That to You?

Jesus said to him, “. . . You follow Me.” —
John 21:22

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 21:15-22

Social media is useful for many things, but contentment is not one of
them. At least not for me. Even when my goals are good, I can become
discouraged by continual reminders that others are accomplishing them
first or with greater results. I am prone to this kind of
discouragement, so I frequently remind myself that God has not short-
changed me. He has already given me everything I need to accomplish
the work He wants me to do.

This means I don’t need a bigger budget or the assurance of success. I
don’t need a better work environment or a different job. I don’t need
the approval or permission of others. I don’t need good health or more
time. God may give me some of those things, but everything I need I
already have, for when He assigns work He provides the resources. My
only assignment is to use whatever time and talents He has given in a
way that blesses others and gives God the glory.

Jesus and Peter had a conversation that got around to this subject.
After making breakfast on the shore of Galilee, Jesus told Peter what
would happen at the end of his life. Pointing at another disciple,
Peter asked, “What about him?” Jesus responded, “What is that to you?”

That is the question I need to ask myself when I compare myself to
others. The answer is, “None of my business.” My business is to follow
Jesus and be faithful with the gifts and opportunities He gives to me.

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

In what ways do I need to learn not to compare myself with others? How
has God blessed me to fulfill His purposes? Share your answers to
these questions with others at www.odb.org

Resentment comes from looking at others; contentment comes from
looking at God.
