http://odb.org/2014/04/06/choose-life/

Choose Life

Choose life, that both you and your descendants may live; that you may
love the Lord your God, that you may obey His voice. —
Deuteronomy 30:19-20

Today's Scripture & Insight: Deuteronomy 30:11-20

What is God’s will for my life? The question haunted me when I was
growing up. What if I couldn’t find it? What if I didn’t recognize it?
God’s will seemed like a needle in a haystack. Hidden. Obscured by
lookalikes. Outnumbered by counterfeits.

But my view of God’s will was wrong because my view of God was wrong.
God takes no pleasure in seeing us lost, wandering, searching. He
wants us to know His will. He makes it clear, and He makes it simple.
He doesn’t even make it multiple-choice. He gives just two choices:
“life and good” or “death and evil” (Deut. 30:15). In case the best
choice isn’t obvious, He even says which one to choose: “Choose life”
(v.19). To choose life is to choose God Himself and obey His Word.

When Moses addressed the Israelites for the last time, he pleaded with
them to make the right choice by observing “all the words of this law.
. . . Because it is your life” (32:46-47). God’s will for us is life.
His Word is life. And Jesus is the Word. God may not give a
prescription for every decision, but He gave us a perfect example to
follow—Jesus. The right choice may not be easy, but when the Word is
our guide and worship is our goal, God will grant us the wisdom to
make life-affirming choices.

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

Lord Jesus, we know that true wisdom comes from leaning on You. Help
us to trust in You and to seek Your face and Your will that we find in
Your life-giving Word.

The evidence of God’s guidance can be seen more clearly by looking
back than by looking forward.
