http://odb.org/2015/03/21/justice-and-mercy-combined/?utm_source=feedb
urner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bre
ad%29

Justice And Mercy Combined

The Lord is good, a stronghold in the day of trouble. —
Nahum 1:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: Nahum 1:1-9

When a defendant stands before a judge, he or she is at the mercy of
the court. If the defendant is innocent, the court should be a refuge.
But if the defendant is guilty, we expect the court to exact
punishment.

In Nahum, we see God as both a refuge and a judge. It says, “The Lord
is good, a refuge in times of trouble” (1:7 niv). But it also says,
“He will make an end of Nineveh; he will pursue his foes into the
realm of darkness” (v.8 niv). Over 100 years earlier, Nineveh had
repented after Jonah preached God’s forgiveness, and the land was safe
(Jonah 3:10). But during Nahum’s day, Nineveh was plotting “evil
against the Lord” (Nah. 1:11). In chapter 3, Nahum details Nineveh’s
destruction.

Many people know only one side of God’s dealings with the human race
but not the other. They think that He is holy and wants only to punish
us, or that He is merciful and wants only to show kindness. In truth,
He is judge and refuge. Peter writes that Jesus “committed Himself to
Him who judges righteously” (1 Peter 2:23). As a result, He “bore our
sins in His own body on the tree, that we, having died to sins, might
live for righteousness” (v.24).

The whole truth about God is good news! He is judge, but because of
Jesus, we can go to Him as our refuge.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

Lord, never let us underestimate You by seeing only one side of Your
role in our lives. Help us to enjoy Your love and kindness while
recognizing how much You hate sin.

God’s justice and mercy intersect at the cross.
