http://odb.org/2016/03/10/strangers-and-foreigners/?utm_source=feedbur
ner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread
%29

Strangers and Foreigners

He was looking forward to the city with foundations, whose architect
and builder is God.
Hebrews 11:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Hebrews 11:8-16

I parked my bicycle, fingering my map of Cambridge for reassurance.
Directions not being my strength, I knew I could easily get lost in
this maze of roads bursting with historic buildings.

Life should have felt idyllic, for I had just married my Englishman
and moved to the UK. But I felt adrift. When I kept my mouth closed I
blended in, but when I spoke I immediately felt branded as an American
tourist. I didn’t yet know what my role was, and I quickly realized
that blending two stubborn people into one shared life was harder than
I had anticipated.

I related to Abraham, who left all that he knew as he obeyed the
Lord’s call to live as a foreigner and stranger in a new land (Gen.
12:1). He pressed through the cultural challenges while keeping faith
in God, and 2,000 years later the writer to the Hebrews named him a
hero (11:9). Like the other men and women listed in this chapter,
Abraham lived by faith, longing for things promised, hoping and
waiting for his heavenly home.

Perhaps you’ve always lived in the same town, but as Christ-followers
we’re all foreigners and strangers on this earth. By faith we press
forward, knowing that God will lead and guide us, and by faith we
believe He will never leave nor abandon us. By faith we long for home.

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

Father God, I want to live by faith, believing Your promises and
knowing that You welcome me into Your kingdom. Enlarge my faith, I
pray.

God calls us to live by faith, believing that He will fulfill His
promises.
