http://odb.org/2016/03/29/god-of-my-strength/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

God of My Strength

I will strengthen you and help you.
Isaiah 41:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Judges 7:1-8

No one could have mistaken the ancient Babylonian soldiers for
gentlemen. They were ruthless, resilient, and vicious, and they
attacked other nations the way an eagle overtakes its prey. Not only
were they powerful, they were prideful as well. They practically
worshiped their own combat abilities. In fact, the Bible says that
their “strength [was] their god” (Hab. 1:11).

God did not want this kind of self-reliance to infect Israel’s forces
as they prepared to battle the Midianites. So He told Gideon, Israel’s
army commander, “You have too many men. I cannot deliver Midian into
their hands, or Israel would boast against me, ‘My own strength has
saved me’ ” (Judg. 7:2). As a result, Gideon discharged anyone who was
fearful. Twenty-two thousand men hightailed it home, while 10,000
fighters stayed. God continued to downsize the army until only 300 men
remained (vv. 3-7).

Having fewer troops meant that Israel was dramatically
outnumbered—their enemies, who populated a nearby valley, were as
“thick as locusts” (v. 12). Despite this, God gave Gideon’s forces
victory.

At times, God may allow our resources to dwindle so that we rely on
His strength to keep going. Our needs showcase His power, but He is
the One who says, “I will strengthen you and help you; I will uphold
you with my righteous right hand” (Isa. 41:10).

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

Dear God, I am thankful for Your strength. You carry me when I am
weak. Help me to give You the credit for every victory in life.

God wants us to depend on His strength, not our own.
