https://odb.org/2019/04/06/heavens-empathy/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Surviving the Unbearable

She gave this name to the Lord who spoke to her: “You are the God who
sees me,” for she said, “I have now seen the One who sees me.”
Genesis 16:13

Today's Scripture & Insight: Genesis 16:7–16

The Experience Project, one of the largest online communities of the
twenty-first century, was once a site where tens of millions shared
deeply painful firsthand experiences. As I read through the
heartbreaking stories, I reflected on how desperately our hearts long
for someone to see—to understand—our pain.

In Genesis, the story of a young handmaid reveals just how life-giving
this gift can be. Hagar was a slave girl likely given to Abram by a
pharaoh of Egypt (see Genesis 12:16; 16:1). When Abram’s wife Sarai
was unable to conceive, she urged Abram to conceive a child with
Hagar—a disturbing yet familiar practice of that day. But when Hagar
became pregnant, tensions flared, until Hagar fled into the wilderness
to escape Sarai’s abuse (16:1–6).

But Hagar’s predicament—pregnant and alone in a harsh, unforgiving
desert—didn’t escape divine eyes. After a heavenly messenger
encouraged Hagar (vv. 7–12), she declared, “You are the God who sees
me” (v. 13). Hagar was praising One who sees more than the bare facts.
The same God was revealed in Jesus, who, “when he saw the crowds, he
had compassion on them, because they were harassed and helpless”
(Matthew 9:36). Hagar encountered a God who understood.

The One who saw and understood Hagar’s pain sees ours as well (Hebrews
4:15–16). Experiencing heaven’s empathy can help the unbearable become
a bit more bearable.

By:  Jeff Olson

Reflect & Pray

How does it reassure you to know God understands the challenges you
face? How can you be a channel of His empathy and compassion to
others?

God feels our pain as if it were His own.
