http://odb.org/2014/04/26/down-the-up-staircase/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Down The Up Staircase

If My people . . . will humble themselves, and pray . . . and turn
from their wicked ways, then I will hear from heaven, and will forgive
their sin. —
2 Chronicles 7:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Chronicles 12:1-8

The video starts with a puppy at the top of the stairs afraid to go
down. Despite much encouragement from people cheering at the bottom,
Daisy can’t figure it out. She wants so badly to join them, but fear
keeps her pacing the landing. Then a bigger dog comes to help. Simon
runs up the steps and then back down, showing Daisy how easy it is.
Daisy is not convinced. Simon tries again. This time more slowly. Then
he watches Daisy try again. But Daisy still is too scared. Once again
Simon goes to the top and demonstrates the technique. Finally Daisy
dares to let her back legs follow the front ones. Simon stays beside
her. She makes it. Everyone celebrates!

What a beautiful picture of discipleship. We spend much of our time
trying to teach others to climb up, but the more important, and more
difficult, thing to learn is how to “go down.” Throughout Scripture we
read that God desires humility of us. Because the people of Judah
humbled themselves, the Lord said, “Therefore I will not destroy them”
(2 Chron. 12:7).

On numerous occasions, God demonstrated humility by coming down (Ex.
3:7-8; 19:10-12; Micah 1:3). Finally God sent Jesus, who spent His
life teaching the technique we are to follow (Phil. 2:5-11).

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

More like the Master I would ever be, More of His meekness, more
humility; More zeal to labor, more courage to be true, More
consecration for work He bids me do. —Gabriel

No one will learn anything at all unless he first learns humility.
