https://odb.org/2020/09/06/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Failed Again

After beginning by means of the Spirit, are you now trying to finish
by means of the flesh?
Galatians 3:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: Galatians 3:1–6

Back in my sermon-making days I approached some Sunday mornings
feeling like a lowly worm. During the week before, I had not been the
best husband, father, or friend. I felt that before God could use me
again I had to establish a track record of right living. So I vowed to
get through the sermon as best I could and try to live better the
coming week.

That was not the right approach. In Galatians 3 it’s said that God
continually supplies us with His Spirit and works powerfully through
us as a free gift—not because we’ve done anything or deserve it.

Abraham’s life demonstrates this. At times he failed as a husband. For
example, he twice put Sarah’s life in jeopardy by lying to save his
own skin (Genesis 12:10–20; 20:1–18). Yet his faith “was credited to
him as righteousness” (Galatians 3:6). Abraham put himself in God’s
hands despite his failures, and God used him to bring salvation to the
world through his lineage.

There’s no justification for behaving badly. Jesus has asked us to
follow Him in obedience, and He supplies the means to do so. A hard,
unrepentant heart will always hinder His purposes for us, but His
ability to use us doesn’t depend on a lengthy pattern of good
behavior. It’s based solely on God’s willingness to work through us as
we are: saved and growing by grace. You don’t have to work for His
grace—it’s free.

By:  David H. Roper

Reflect & Pray

Think of those situations in which you’ve felt disqualified. How does
God look at those occasions? How do you?

I’m thankful, God, that You bless me and use me in spite of my
failures. Your grace is amazing!
