https://odb.org/2019/08/17/created-for-relationship/?utm_source=feedbu
rner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Brea
d%29

Created for Relationship

The Lord God said, “It is not good for the man to be alone. I will
make a helper suitable for him.”
Genesis 2:18

Today's Scripture & Insight: Genesis 2:15–25

There’s a growing “rent-a-family” industry in many countries to meet
the needs of lonely people. Some use the service to maintain
appearances, so that at a social event they can appear to have a happy
family. Some hire actors to impersonate estranged relatives, so that
they can feel, if briefly, a familial connection they long for.

This trend reflects a basic truth: Humans are created for
relationship. In the creation story found in Genesis, God looks at
each thing He has made and sees that it’s “very good” (1:31). But when
God considers Adam, He says, “It is not good for the man to be alone”
(2:18). The human needed another human.

The Bible doesn’t just tell us about our need for connection. It also
tells us where to find relationships: among Jesus’s followers. Jesus,
at His death, told His friend John to consider Christ’s mother as his
own. They would be family to each other even after Jesus was gone
(John 19:26–27). And Paul instructed believers to treat others like
parents and siblings (1 Timothy 5:1–2). The psalmist tells us that
part of God’s redemptive work in the world is to put “the lonely in
families” (Psalm 68:6), and God designed the church as one of the best
places to do this.

Thanks be to God, who has made us for relationship and given us His
people to be our family!

By:  Amy Peterson

Reflect & Pray

Who are the lonely people in your life who need you to be their
family? How have your relationships with fellow believers sustained
you through periods of loneliness?

God, help me to depend on others and to be a dependable friend as
well.
