https://odb.org/2017/04/12/let-down-your-hair-2/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Let Down Your Hair

Mary took about a pint of pure nard, an expensive perfume; she poured
it on Jesus’ feet and wiped his feet with her hair.
John 12:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 12:1–8

Shortly before Jesus was crucified, a woman named Mary poured a bottle
of expensive perfume on His feet. Then, in what may have been an even
more daring act, she wiped His feet with her hair (John 12:3). Not
only did Mary sacrifice what may have been her life’s savings, she
also sacrificed her reputation. In first-century Middle Eastern
culture, respectable women never let down their hair in public. But
true worship is not concerned about what others think of us (2 Sam.
6:21–22). To worship Jesus, Mary was willing to be thought of as
immodest, perhaps even immoral.

Some of us may feel pressured to be perfect when we go to church so
that people will think well of us. Metaphorically speaking, we work
hard to make sure we have every hair in place. But a healthy church is
a place where we can let down our hair and not hide our flaws behind a
façade of perfection. In church, we should be able to reveal our
weaknesses to find strength rather than conceal our faults to appear
strong.

Worship doesn’t involve behaving as if nothing is wrong; it’s making
sure everything is right—right with God and with one another. When our
greatest fear is letting down our hair, perhaps our greatest sin is
keeping it up.

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

Search me, God, and know my heart. . . . See if there is any offensive
way in me and lead me in the way everlasting. Psalm 139:23–24.

Our worship is right when we are right with God.
