https://odb.org/2017/07/17/just-like-dad/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Just Like Dad

The Son can do nothing by himself; he can do only what he sees his
Father doing, because whatever the Father does the Son also does.
John 5:19

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 5:17–20

Isn’t it endearing to see a child mimicking his parents? How often
we’ve seen the young boy in a car seat, gripping his imaginary
steering wheel intently while keeping a close eye on the driver to see
what Daddy does next.

I remember doing the same thing when I was young. Nothing gave me
greater pleasure than doing exactly what my dad did—and I’m sure he
got an even bigger kick watching me copy his actions.

I would like to think God felt the same way when He saw His dearest
Son doing exactly what the Father did—reaching out to the lost,
helping the needy, and healing the sick. Jesus said, “the Son can do
nothing by himself; he can do only what he sees his Father doing,
because whatever the Father does the Son also does” (John 5:19).

We too are called to do the same—to “follow God’s example, therefore,
as dearly loved children and walk in the way of love” (Eph. 5:1–2). As
we continue growing to be more like Jesus, may we seek to love like
the Father loves, forgive like He forgives, care like He cares, and
live in ways that please Him. It is a delight to copy His actions, in
the power of the Spirit, knowing that our reward is the affectionate,
tender smile of a loving Father.

By:  Leslie Koh

Reflect & Pray

Jesus, thank You for showing us the way to the Father. Help us to be
more and more like You and the Father each day. Our Daily Bread
welcomes writer Leslie Koh! Meet Leslie and all our authors at
odb.org/all-authors.

The Father gave us the Spirit to make us like the Son.
