http://odb.org/2011/04/06/spiritual-superstars/

Spiritual Superstars

When one says, “I am of Paul,” and another, “I am of Apollos,” are you
not carnal? —
1 Corinthians 3:4

Today's Scripture: 1 Corinthians 3:1-15

Superstars abound in today’s culture. Great soccer players can create
such excitement that fans have been known to riot in the bleachers.
Popular musicians have fans who stand with adoration throughout entire
concerts. And Hollywood celebrities hire bodyguards to protect
themselves from adoring stalkers.

The first-century Corinthian believers had become divided over their
own “spiritual superstars.” Paul viewed such favoritism as a
reflection of the sinful nature in a believer’s unyielded heart. “For
when one says, ‘I am of Paul,’ and another, ‘I am of Apollos,’ are you
not carnal?” he asked (1 Cor. 3:4).

The apostle’s teaching on how we view Christian leaders puts the topic
in a biblical perspective that provides mutual appreciation for those
who minister: “I planted, Apollos watered, but God gave the increase”
(v.6). Each person did his part: Paul had planted spiritual seed
through evangelism, and Apollos had watered it with his eloquent Bible
teaching. But it was God alone who made the seed of spiritual life
grow. He alone is the “superstar.”

We should be careful not to put any Christian leader on a pedestal.
Instead, let’s appreciate how God is using a variety of spiritual
leaders for His honor and His glory.

By:  Dennis Fisher

Reflect & Pray

Lord, give us wisdom. We know it’s good to follow the example of our
godly leaders, but help us not to think so highly of them that we
worship them instead of You. Amen.

Each person has his place in God’s service, and only God deserves the
glory.
