https://odb.org/2021/02/19/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

We’re Not God

In the pride of your heart you say, “I am a god.”
Ezekiel 28:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ezekiel 28:1–10

In Mere Christianity, C. S. Lewis recommended asking ourselves some
questions to find out if we’re proud: “How much do I dislike it when
other people snub me, or refuse to take any notice of me, . . . or
patronize me, or show off?” Lewis saw pride as a vice of the “utmost
evil” and the chief cause of misery in homes and nations. He called it
a “spiritual cancer” that eats up the very possibility of love,
contentment, and even common sense.

Pride has been a problem throughout the ages. Through the prophet
Ezekiel, God warned the leader of the powerful coastal city of Tyre
against his pride. He said the king’s pride would result in his
downfall: “Because you think you are . . . as wise as a god, I am
going to bring foreigners against you” (Ezekiel 28:6–7). Then he would
know he wasn’t a god, but a mortal (v. 9).

In contrast to pride is humility, which Lewis named as a virtue we
receive through knowing God. Lewis said that as we get in touch with
Him, we become “delightedly humble,” feeling relieved to be rid of the
silly nonsense about our own dignity that previously made us restless
and unhappy.

The more we worship God, the more we’ll know Him and the more we can
humble ourselves before Him. May we be those who love and serve with
joy and humility.

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

How did you answer Lewis’ questions about whether or not you’re proud?
Did that surprise you? Why or why not?

Almighty God, help me to revel in my identity as one You created,
knowing You are great and mighty and yet You love me.
