http://odb.org/2014/04/22/acts-of-kindness/

Acts Of Kindness

By the name of Jesus . . . , whom you crucified, whom God raised from
the dead, by Him this man stands here before you whole. —
Acts 4:10

Today's Scripture: Acts 4:1-13

I was traveling with some men when we spotted a family stranded
alongside the road. My friends immediately pulled over to help. They
got the car running, talked with the father and mother of the family,
and gave them some money for gasoline. When the mother thanked them
over and over, they replied, “We’re glad to help out, and we do it in
Jesus’ name.” As we drove away, I thought how natural it was for these
friends to help people in need and acknowledge the Lord as the source
of their generosity.

Peter and John exhibited that same joyful generosity when they healed
a lame man who was begging outside the temple in Jerusalem (Acts
3:1-10). This led to their arrest and appearance before the
authorities who asked, “By what power or by what name have you done
this?” Peter replied, “If we this day are judged for a good deed done
to a helpless man . . . let it be known to you all, and to all the
people of Israel, that by the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, whom
you crucified, whom God raised from the dead, by Him this man stands
here before you whole” (Acts 4:7-10).

Kindness is a fruit of the Spirit (Gal. 5:22) and a powerful context
in which to genuinely speak to others about the Lord.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Lord, help me to love with both words and deeds, To reach out to
others and meet their needs; Lord, burden my heart for those lost in
sin, With mercy and love that flows from within. —Fitzhugh

One act of kindness may teach more about the love of God than many
sermons.
