https://odb.org/2020/04/26/our-father-sings/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Our Father Sings

He . . . will rejoice over you with singing.
Zephaniah 3:17

Today's Scripture & Insight: Zephaniah 3:14–20

Dandy loves encouraging people by singing to them. One day we were
having lunch at his favorite restaurant, and he noticed the waitress
was having a hard day. He asked her a few questions and then started
quietly singing a catchy, upbeat song to cheer her up. “Well, kind
sir, you just made my day. Thank you so much,” she said with a big
smile, as she wrote down our food order.

When we open the book of Zephaniah, we find that God loves to sing.
The prophet masterfully drew a picture with his words in which he
described God as a musician who loves to sing for and with His
children. He wrote that God “will take great delight in you; in his
love he will no longer rebuke you, but will rejoice over you with
singing” (3:17). God promised to be present forever with those who
have been transformed by His mercy. But it doesn’t stop there! He
invites and joins in with His people to “be glad and rejoice with all
your heart” (v. 14).

We can only imagine the day when we’ll be together with God and with
all those who’ve put their trust in Jesus as their Savior. How amazing
it will be to hear our heavenly Father sing songs for and with us and
experience His love, approval, and acceptance.

By:  Estera Pirosca Escobar

Reflect & Pray

How can you celebrate God’s love for you? What song is He singing over
you and with you today?

Heavenly Father, we know that because of our allegiance to Jesus, You
not only accept us but celebrate with us and delight in us as Your
children. Thank You for Your love.
