http://odb.org/2015/09/07/ripples-of-hope/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Ripples of Hope

In his great mercy he has given us new birth into a living hope
through the resurrection of Jesus Christ.
1 Peter 1:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Peter 1:3-9

In 1966, U.S. Senator Robert Kennedy made an influential visit to
South Africa. There he offered words of hope to opponents of apartheid
in his famous “Ripple of Hope” speech at the University of Cape Town.
In his speech, he declared, “Each time a man stands up for an ideal,
or acts to improve the lot of others, or strikes out against
injustice, he sends forth a tiny ripple of hope, and crossing each
other from a million different centers of energy and daring, those
ripples build a current which can sweep down the mightiest walls of
oppression and resistance.”

At times in this world, hope seems scarce. Yet there is an ultimate
hope readily available for the follower of Christ. Peter wrote,
“Praise be to the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ! In his
great mercy he has given us new birth into a living hope through the
resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead” (1 Peter 1:3).

Through the certainty of Christ’s resurrection, the child of God has a
hope that is more than a ripple. It is an overwhelming current of
confidence in the faithfulness of the One who conquered death for us.
Jesus, in His victory over death—our greatest enemy—can infuse hope
into the most hopeless of situations.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

My hope is built on nothing less than Jesus’ blood and righteousness;
I dare not trust the sweetest frame, but wholly lean on Jesus’ name.
Edward Mote

In Christ the hopeless find hope.
