http://odb.org/2016/08/13/when-we-dont-understand/?utm_source=feedburn
er&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%
29

When We Don’t Understand

“For my thoughts are not your thoughts, neither are your ways my
ways,” declares the Lord.
Isaiah 55:8

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 55:6–13

Although I depend on technology every day to get my job done, I don’t
understand much about how it works. I turn my computer on, bring up a
Word document, and get to work on my writing. Yet my inability to
comprehend how microchips, hard drives, Wi-Fi connections, and full-
color displays actually function doesn’t get in the way of my
benefiting from technology.

In a sense, this mirrors our relationship with God. Isaiah 55:8–9
reminds us that God is far beyond us: “ ‘My thoughts are not your
thoughts, neither are your ways my ways,’ declares the Lord. ‘As the
heavens are higher than the earth, so are my ways higher than your
ways and my thoughts than your thoughts.’ ”

Even though we don’t understand everything about God, that doesn’t
prevent us from trusting Him. He has proven His love for us. The
apostle Paul wrote, “God demonstrates his own love for us in this:
While we were still sinners, Christ died for us” (Rom. 5:8). Trusting
that love, we can walk with Him even when life doesn’t make sense.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Heavenly Father, thank You that although I cannot comprehend You, I
can know You. I’m grateful. Remind me that even though You and Your
ways might be beyond me, I can always count on Your love for me and
Your presence with me. Share your story of God’s faithfulness on
ourdailybread.org/story.

God would not be worthy of our worship if He could be understood by
our wisdom.
