https://odb.org/2019/07/11/football-and-shepherds/?utm_source=feedburn
er&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%
29

Football and Shepherds

I am the good shepherd. The good shepherd lays down his life for the
sheep.
John 10:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 10:11–15

An intriguing element of English football is the team anthem sung by
the fans at the start of each match. These songs range from the fun
(“Glad All Over”) to the whimsical (“I’m Forever Blowing Bubbles”) to
the surprising. “Psalm 23,” for instance, is the anthem of the club
from West Bromwich Albion. The words of that psalm appear on the
façade inside the team’s stadium, declaring to everyone who comes to
watch the “West Brom Baggies” the care of the good, great, and chief
Shepherd.

In Psalm 23, David made his timeless statement, “The Lord is my
shepherd” (v. 1). Later, the gospel writer Matthew would tell us,
“When [Jesus] saw the crowds, he had compassion on them, because they
were harassed and helpless, like sheep without a shepherd” (Matthew
9:36). And in John 10, Jesus declared His love and concern for the
human “sheep” of His generation. “I am the good shepherd,” He said.
“The good shepherd lays down his life for the sheep” (v. 11). Jesus’s
compassion drove His interactions with the crowds, His responses to
their needs, and, ultimately, His sacrifice on their (and our) behalf.

“The Lord is my shepherd” is far more than an ancient lyric or a
clever slogan. It’s the confident statement of what it means to be
known and loved by our great God—and what it means to be rescued by
His Son.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

In what ways have you seen God’s care for you? Who can you tell about
Him today?

What a gift our Shepherd is to us, Father! Help us to respond to His
voice—and draw nearer to You. Read The Lord Is My Shepherd at
discoveryseries.org/hp952.
