https://odb.org/2019/01/02/its-good-to-ask/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

It’s Good to Ask

Show me the way I should go.
Psalm 143:8

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 143:4–11

My father has always had a directional sense I’ve envied. He’s just
instinctively known where north, south, east, and west are. It’s like
he was born with that sense. And he’s always been right. Until the
night he wasn’t.

That was the night my father got lost. He and my mother attended an
event in an unfamiliar town and left after dark. He was convinced he
knew the way back to the highway, but he didn’t. He got turned around,
then confused, and ultimately frustrated. My mother reassured him, “I
know it’s hard, but ask your phone for directions. It’s okay.”

For the first time in his life that I’m aware of, my seventy-six-year-
old father asked for directions. From his phone.

The psalmist was a man with a wealth of life experience. But the
psalms reveal moments when it appears David felt lost spiritually and
emotionally. Psalm 143 contains one of those times. The great king’s
heart was dismayed (v. 4). He was in trouble (v. 11). So he paused and
prayed, “Show me the way I should go” (v. 8). And far from counting on
a phone, the psalmist cried out to the Lord, “for to you I entrust my
life” (v. 8).

If the “man after [God’s] own heart” (1 Samuel 13:14) felt lost from
time to time, it’s a given we too will need to turn to God for His
direction.

By:  John Blase

Reflect & Pray

What has caused you to feel turned around, possibly confused, maybe
even frustrated these days? Why might you be resisting asking God and
others for help? Welcome to John Blase! Meet all our authors at
odb.org/all-authors.

Asking God for direction is more than okay—it’s best.
