https://odb.org/2019/12/11/debts-canceled/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Canceled Debts

The Lord’s time for canceling debts has been proclaimed.
Deuteronomy 15:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: Deuteronomy 15:1–8

In 2009, Los Angeles County stopped charging families for the costs of
their children’s incarceration. Though no new fees were charged, those
with unpaid fees from before the change in policy were still required
to settle their debt. Then in 2018 the county canceled all outstanding
financial obligations.

For some families, canceling the debt aided greatly in their struggle
to survive; no longer having liens on their property or wages being
garnished meant they were better able to put food on the table. It was
for this kind of hardship that God called for debts to be forgiven
every seven years (Deuteronomy 15:2). He didn’t want people to be
crippled forever by them.

Because the Israelites were forbidden to charge interest on a loan to
fellow Israelites (Exodus 22:25), their motives for lending to a
neighbor weren’t to make a profit, but rather to help those who were
enduring hard times, perhaps due to a bad harvest. Debts were to be
freely forgiven every seven years. As a result, there would be less
poverty among the people (Deuteronomy 15:4).

Today, believers in Jesus aren’t bound by these laws. But God might
occasionally prompt us to forgive a debt so those who’ve been
struggling can begin afresh as contributing members of society. When
we show such mercy and generosity to others, we lift up God’s
character and give people hope.

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

How have your “debts” been forgiven? Who can you lift up by forgiving
a debt owed or a wrong done to you?

Jesus, thank You for caring about the financial burdens we carry.
