http://odb.org/2013/12/30/mixed-emotions/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Mixed Emotions

Even in laughter the heart may sorrow, and the end of mirth may be
grief. —
Proverbs 14:13

Today's Scripture: Revelation 21:1-7

For Marlene and me, “mixed emotions” precisely describes our wedding.
Don’t take that the wrong way. It was a wonderful event that we
continue to celebrate more than 35 years later. The wedding
celebration, however, was dampened because Marlene’s mom died of
cancer just weeks before. Marlene’s aunt was a wonderful stand-in as
the “mother of the bride,” but, in the midst of our happiness,
something clearly wasn’t right. Mom was missing, and that affected
everything.

That experience typifies life in a broken world. Our experiences here
are a mixed bag of good and bad, joy and pain—a reality that Solomon
expressed when he wrote, “Even in laughter the heart may sorrow, and
the end of mirth may be grief” (Prov. 14:13). The merry heart often
does grieve, for that is what this life sometimes demands.

Thankfully, however, this life is not all there is. And in the life
that is to come, those who know Christ have a promise: “God will wipe
away every tear from their eyes; there shall be no more death, nor
sorrow, nor crying. There shall be no more pain, for the former things
have passed away” (Rev. 21:4). In that great day, there will be no
mixed emotions—only hearts filled with the presence of God!

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Peace! peace! wonderful peace, Coming down from the Father above,
Sweep over my spirit forever, I pray, In fathomless billows of love.
—Cornell

For the Christian, the dark sorrows of earth will one day be changed
into the bright songs of heaven.
