https://odb.org/2019/10/12/fill-in-your-name/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Fill in Your Name

. . . He who brings out the starry host one by one and calls forth
each of them by name.
Isaiah 40:26

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 40:25–31

In Love Letters from God, Glenys Nellist invites children to interact
with the Lord in a deeply personal way. These children’s books include
a note from God with a space for the child’s name to be inserted after
each Bible story. Personalizing scriptural truth helps her young
readers understand that the Bible isn’t just a storybook. They’re
being taught that the Lord wants a relationship with them and that He
speaks to His greatly loved children through the Scriptures.

I bought the book for my nephew and filled in the blanks in the
beginning of every note from God. Delighted when he recognized his
name, my nephew said, “God loves me too!” What a comfort to know the
deeply and completely personal love of our loving Creator.

When God spoke to the Israelites directly through the prophet Isaiah,
He called their attention to the heavens. The Lord affirmed that He
controls “the starry host” (Isaiah 40:26), determines each star’s
individual value, and directs each one with love. He assured His
people that He won’t forget or lose one star . . . or one beloved
child that He’s sculpted with deliberate purpose and endless love.

As we celebrate our Almighty God’s intimate promises and proclamations
of love within Scripture, we can fill in our names. We can trust and
declare with childlike delight, “God loves me too!”

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

How does it feel when you realize God loves you and knows your needs?
What Bible verse could you remember that’s a personal promise to you?

God, thank You for affirming that Your love is a personal gift for
each and every one of us. Thank You for assuring us that You know our
names and can handle all of our needs.
