http://odb.org/2014/03/29/a-better-world/

A Better World

[Keep] your conduct honorable among the Gentiles, that . . . they may,
by your good works which they observe, glorify God. —
1 Peter 2:12

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Peter 2:9-12

In one of my favorite Peanuts cartoons featuring Charlie Brown, the
always confident Lucy declares, “How could the world be getting worse
with me in it? Ever since I was born the world has shown a distinct
improvement!”

Of course, Lucy is displaying an unrealistic and elevated opinion of
herself, but she makes an interesting point. What if we were to try to
make the world a better place by displaying the love of Christ
wherever God has placed us?

When Peter wrote to persecuted believers, he advised them to “[keep]
your conduct honorable” (1 Peter 2:12) by doing good deeds that will
ultimately bring glory to God. In other words, we can make our world a
better place through our actions. Think of the difference that
Christlike deeds of love, mercy, forgiveness, justice, and peace would
make in our world. I’ve always thought that if we lived out this
verse, people might say, “Our office is a better place because ______
works here.” Or, “Our neighborhood is a better neighborhood.” Or, “Our
school is a better school.”

We can’t change the entire world singlehandedly, but by God’s grace we
can let the difference Christ has made in us make a difference in the
world around us.

By:  Joe Stowell

Reflect & Pray

Love is giving for the world’s needs, Love is sharing as the Spirit
leads, Love is caring when the world cries, Love is compassion with
Christlike eyes. —Brandt

Everyone can do something to make the world better—we can let Christ
shine through us.
