https://odb.org/2019/02/28/great-news/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_mediu
m=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Great News!

Have mercy on me, O God, according to your unfailing love.
Psalm 51:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 51:1–7

The article in the local newspaper was short but heartwarming. After
attending a faith-based program on building stronger family ties, a
group of prison inmates were given a rare treat of an open visit with
their families. Some hadn’t seen their children in years. Instead of
talking through a glass panel, they could touch and hold their loved
ones. The tears flowed freely as families grew closer and wounds began
to heal.

For most readers, it was just a story. But for these families, holding
one another was a life-changing event—and for some, the process of
forgiveness and reconciliation was begun.

God’s forgiveness of our sin and offer of reconciliation, made
possible through His Son, is more than a mere fact of the Christian
faith. The article’s news of reconciliation reminds us that Jesus’s
sacrifice is great news not just for the world, but for you and me.

In times when we’re overwhelmed by guilt for something we’ve done,
however, it’s news we can cling to desperately. That’s when the fact
of God’s unending mercy becomes personal news: because of Jesus’s
dying on our behalf, we can come to the Father washed clean, “whiter
than snow” (Psalm 51:7). In such times, when we know we don’t deserve
His mercy, we can hold on to the only thing we can depend on: God’s
unfailing love and compassion (v. 1).

By:  Leslie Koh

Reflect & Pray

Father, I’m sorry if I’ve taken Your mercy and love for granted. Thank
You for this wonderful gift and privilege that I don’t deserve yet
You’ve promised unconditionally.

Forgiveness isn’t just big news. It’s wonderful, personal news!
