http://odb.org/2013/06/23/water-problems/

Water Problems

There is no authority except from God, and the authorities that exist
are appointed by God. —
Romans 13:1

Today's Scripture: Romans 13:1-7

Our church family was excited to see work begin on our new sanctuary.
Each Sunday we eagerly looked at the big hole in the ground. But
progress seemed slow.

It all came down to water. Too much in one place and not enough in
another. An underground spring was one problem. Construction could not
continue until inspectors were satisfied that water was being directed
away from the site. At the same time, city officials said we didn’t
have enough water coming into the building for a sprinkler system—so
new lines for water had to be added. None of us wanted the project to
be slowed down by these rulings, but we realized that if codes weren’t
followed, we would face serious problems in the future.

Sometimes we grumble about government and other officials. But a
proper respect for authority honors God. Paul, who had his own
problems with those in charge, wrote, “Let every soul be subject to
the governing authorities” (Rom. 13:1). And later, “Do what is good,
and you will have praise from [the authorities]” (v.3).

As we let God’s Spirit teach us, we can have a healthy attitude toward
government. It’s for our good, the testimony of our faith, and most of
all for God’s honor.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

Thank You, Lord, for people who are willing to serve in our local,
state, and national governments. We pray that they will seek
righteousness and justice and that You will help us to respect those
You have placed over us.

Respect for authority brings glory to God.
