http://odb.org/2013/11/24/what-time-is-it-2/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

What Time Is It?

When the fullness of the time had come, God sent forth His Son. —
Galatians 4:4

Today's Scripture: Galatians 3:26–4:7

The old adage is true: Timing is everything! That’s why Paul’s
statement, “When the fullness of the time had come, God sent forth His
Son” intrigues me so much (Gal. 4:4).

A quick look at history reveals that the coming of Christ was at just
the right time. Centuries earlier, Alexander the Great conquered most
of the known world, bringing with him the Greek culture and language.
On the heels of his demise, the Roman Empire picked up where Alexander
left off and expanded the territory under the unifying influence of
the culture and language of the Greeks. It was under Roman rule that
the crucifixion took place, where the blood of Christ was shed for us.
It was under the rule of Rome that conditions were made ready for the
spread of the gospel across three continents: good roads, territorial
boundaries free of “passport” restrictions, and a unifying language.
The providence of God had put all the pieces in place for the perfect
time to send His Son.

God’s timing is perfect in everything. While you are waiting, perhaps
wondering why God doesn’t seem to be acting on your behalf, remember
that He’s working behind the scenes to prepare His moment of
intervention at just the right time. Trust Him. He knows what time it
is.

By:  Joe Stowell

Reflect & Pray

Lord, in Your infinite wisdom and power, You work behind the scenes to
prepare all things for just the right time. Teach me to wait well and
to trust You to know when the fullness of time has come.

Teach us, O Lord, the disciplines of patience, for to wait is often
harder than to work. —Marshall
