https://odb.org/2020/12/15/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Gentle Speech

The Lord’s servant must not be quarrelsome.
2 Timothy 2:24

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Timothy 2:22–26

I was on Facebook, arguing. Bad move. What made me think I was
obligated to “correct” a stranger on a hot topic—especially a divisive
one? The results were heated words, hurt feelings (on my part anyway),
and a broken opportunity to witness well for Jesus. That’s the sum
outcome of “internet anger.” It’s the term for the harsh words flung
daily across the blogosphere. As one ethics expert explained, people
wrongly conclude that rage “is how public ideas are talked about.”

Paul’s wise advice to Timothy gave the same caution. “Don’t have
anything to do with foolish and stupid arguments, because you know
they produce quarrels. And the Lord’s servant must not be quarrelsome
but must be kind to everyone” (2 Timothy 2:23–24).

Paul’s good counsel, written to Timothy from a Roman prison, was sent
to prepare the young pastor for teaching God’s truth. The apostle’s
advice is just as timely for us today, especially when the
conversation turns to our faith. “Opponents must be gently instructed,
in the hope that God will grant them repentance leading them to a
knowledge of the truth” (v. 25).

Speaking kindly to others is part of this challenge, but not just for
pastors. For all who love God and seek to tell others about Him, may
we speak His truth in love. With every word, the Holy Spirit will help
us.

By:  Patricia Raybon

Reflect & Pray

Why is it vital as a believer in Jesus to avoid arguing with others on
the internet (and in other contexts)? When you’re led by the Holy
Spirit, how does the tone of your comments—your heart—change?

Father God, when I’m speaking to others about Your truth—or other
interests—indwell my heart and tongue with Your love. Read Words
Matter: Speaking with Wisdom in an Age of Outrage at
DiscoverySeries.org/courses/words-matter.
