https://odb.org/2017/08/28/paying-attention/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Paying Attention

Blessed is he who considers the poor.
Psalm 41:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 41:1–3

John Newton wrote, “If, as I go home, a child has dropped a halfpenny,
and if, by giving it another, I can wipe away its tears, I feel I have
done something. I should be glad to do greater things; but I will not
neglect this.”

These days, it’s not hard to find someone in need of comfort: A care-
worn cashier in a grocery store working a second job to make ends
meet; a refugee longing for home; a single mother whose flood of
worries has washed away her hope; a lonely old man who fears he has
outlived his usefulness.

But what are we to do? “Blessed is he who considers the poor,” wrote
David (Ps. 41:1 nkjv ). Even if we can’t alleviate the poverty of
those we meet along the way we can consider them—a verb that means “to
pay attention.”

We can let people know we care. We can treat them with courtesy and
respect, though they may be testy or tiresome. We can listen with
interest to their stories. And we can pray for them or with them—the
most helpful and healing act of all.

Remember the old paradox Jesus gave us when He said, “It is more
blessed to give than to receive” (Acts 20:35). Paying attention pays
off, for we’re happiest when we give ourselves away. Consider the
poor.

By:  David H. Roper

Reflect & Pray

Father, as we go through our day, show us the everyday folks who need
our attention. Grant us the love and the patience to truly consider
them, as You have so patiently loved us.

Only a life given away for love’s sake is worth living. Frederick
Buechner
