http://odb.org/2013/09/27/fire-and-rain/

Fire And Rain

In mercy the throne will be established; and One will sit on it in
truth . . .  judging and seeking justice and hastening righteousness.
—
Isaiah 16:5

Today's Scripture: Isaiah 16:1-5

When a wildfire raged through the beautiful canyons near Colorado
Springs, Colorado, it destroyed the habitat of all kinds of wildlife
and hundreds of homes. People across the nation cried out to God,
pleading with Him to send rain to douse the flames, put an end to the
destruction, and give firefighters relief. Some people’s prayers had
an interesting condition attached to them. They asked God to show
mercy and send rain without lightning, which they feared would start
even more fires.

This reminds me of how we live in tension between things that save us
and kill us. With fire, we cook our food and keep warm, but in it we
can be consumed. With water, we keep our bodies hydrated and our
planet cooled, but in it we also can drown. Too much or too little of
either is life-threatening.

We see the same principle at work spiritually. To thrive,
civilizations need the seemingly opposite qualities of mercy and
justice (Zech. 7:9). Jesus scolded the Pharisees for being sticklers
about the law but neglecting these “weightier matters” (Matt. 23:23).

We may lean toward justice or mercy, but Jesus keeps them in perfect
balance (Isa. 16:5; 42:1-4). His death satisfies God’s need for
justice and our need for mercy.

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

Father, for personal reasons I sometimes lean toward showing mercy,
and sometimes I just want justice now. Teach me the balance as I look
at Your character and give me the wisdom I need in specific
situations.

God’s justice and mercy met at the cross.
