https://odb.org/2020/03/06/two-are-better/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Two Are Better

Two are better than one, because they have a good return for their
labor.
Ecclesiastes 4:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ecclesiastes 4:9–11

In the 1997 Ironman Triathlon in Hawaii, two women fought to stay on
their feet as they hobbled toward the finish line. Exhausted, the
runners persevered on wobbly legs, until Sian Welch bumped into Wendy
Ingraham. They both dropped to the ground. Struggling to stand, they
stumbled forward, only to fall again about twenty meters from the
finish line. When Ingraham began to crawl, the crowd applauded. When
her competitor followed suit, they cheered louder. Ingraham crossed
the finish line in fourth place, and she slumped into the outstretched
arms of her supporters. Then she turned and reached out to her fallen
sister. Welch lunged her body forward, stretching her weary arm toward
Ingraham’s hand and across the finish line. As she completed the race
in fifth place, the crowd roared their approval.

This pair’s completion of the 140-mile swimming, biking, and running
race inspired many. But the image of the weary competitors persevering
together remains ingrained in my mind, affirming the life-empowering
truth in Ecclesiastes 4:9–11.

There’s no shame in admitting we require assistance in life (v. 9),
especially since we can’t honestly deny our needs or hide them from
our all-knowing God. At one time or another, we’ll all fall, whether
physically or emotionally. Knowing we’re not alone can comfort us as
we persevere. As our loving Father helps us, He empowers us to reach
out to others in need, affirming they too aren’t alone.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

How has someone helped you? How can you encourage others this week?

All-powerful God, thank You for reassuring us of Your constant
presence as You help us and give us opportunities to reach out and
help others.
