https://odb.org/2017/12/16/big-world-bigger-god/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Big World, Bigger God

For by [Jesus] all things were created.
Colossians 1:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: Colossians 1:12–17

As we drove through northern Michigan, Marlene exclaimed, “It’s
unbelievable how big the world is!” She made her comment as we passed
a sign marking the 45th parallel—the point halfway between the equator
and the North Pole. We talked about how small we are and how vast our
world is. Yet, compared to the size of the universe, our tiny planet
is only a speck of dust.

If our world is great, and the universe is vastly greater, how big is
the One who powerfully created it? The Bible tells us, “For by [Jesus]
all things were created, both in the heavens and on earth, visible and
invisible, whether thrones or dominions or rulers or authorities—all
things have been created through Him and for Him” (Col. 1:16 nasb ).

This is good news because this same Jesus who created the universe is
the One who has come to rescue us from our sin for every day and
forever. The night before He died, Jesus said, “These things I have
spoken to you, so that in Me you may have peace. In the world you have
tribulation, but take courage; I have overcome the world” (John 16:33
nasb ).

When facing the large and small challenges of life, we call on the One
who made the universe, died and rose again, and won victory over this
world’s brokenness. In our times of struggle, He powerfully offers us
His peace.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Lord, I’m grateful that You are greater than my mind could ever
comprehend. Help me to trust You today.

God’s grace is immeasurable, His mercy inexhaustible, His peace
inexpressible.
