https://odb.org/2020/07/29/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Grace Outside the Box

Mephibosheth ate at David’s table like one of the king’s sons.
2 Samuel 9:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Samuel 9:1–7

Tom worked for a law firm that advised Bob’s company. They became
friends—until Tom embezzled thousands of dollars from the company. Bob
was hurt and angry when he found out, but he received wise counsel
from his vice president, a believer in Christ. The VP noticed Tom was
deeply ashamed and repentant, and he advised Bob to drop the charges
and hire Tom. “Pay him a modest salary so he can make restitution.
You’ll never have a more grateful, loyal employee.” Bob did, and Tom
was.

Mephibosheth, grandson of King Saul, hadn’t done anything wrong, but
he was in a tough spot when David became king. Most kings killed the
royal bloodline. But David loved King Saul’s son Jonathan, and treated
his surviving son as his own (see 2 Samuel 9:1–13). His grace won a
friend for life. Mephibosheth marveled that he “deserved nothing but
death from my lord the king, but you gave your servant a place”
(19:28). He remained loyal to David, even when David’s son Absalom
chased David from Jerusalem (2 Samuel 16:1–4; 19:24–30).

Do you want a loyal friend for life? Someone so extraordinary may
require you to do something extraordinary. When common sense says
punish, choose grace. Hold them accountable, but give the undeserving
a chance to make things right. You may never find a more grateful,
devoted friend. Think outside the box, with grace.

By:  Mike Wittmer

Reflect & Pray

Who has sinned against you? How might you hold them accountable while
also forgiving them?

Father, I’ve received extraordinary grace from You. Help me show that
grace to others—especially to those with a repentant spirit.
