http://odb.org/2012/02/10/flawed/

Flawed

My strength is made perfect in weakness. —
2 Corinthians 12:9

Today's Scripture: Genesis 27:6-23

A well-known actor commented that he enjoyed playing “flawed”
characters in movies because people could relate better to an
imperfect character. Most of us would agree that it’s easier for us to
understand people who aren’t perfect because we know that we are
imperfect.

God included stories in the Bible of people who were deceitful, weak,
unreliable, and angry. Take Jacob, for example, who deceived his
father so that he would receive a blessing (Gen. 27:1-29). Then there
was Gideon, who was so unsure of God that he asked Him twice for proof
that He would be faithful to do what He said He would do (Judg. 6:39).
And then there’s Peter, who for fear of his own safety, denied even
knowing his friend and Lord (Mark 14:66-72).

But when we read the rest of their stories, we observe that these
people were able, with God’s help, to overcome their shortcomings and
ultimately be useful to Him. That happened when they depended not on
themselves but on God.

Just like the people who lived thousands of years ago, each of us
comes with flaws. But by God’s grace we can overcome those
imperfections by embracing His “strength [which] is made perfect in
weakness” (2 Cor. 12:9).

By:  Cindy Hess Kasper

Reflect & Pray

God’s strength is made perfect in weakness, For when we are weak He is
strong; He gives us His grace and His power To overcome in us what’s
wrong. —Sper

It’s good to learn of our weakness if it drives us to lean on God’s
strength.
