http://odb.org/2011/02/08/space-scouts/

Space Scouts

You, fathers, . . . bring [your children] up in the training and
admonition of the Lord. —
Ephesians 6:4

Today's Scripture: Ephesians 6:1-4

Many of the first astronauts were once Boy Scouts. The scouts were
good at capturing the imagination of young boys and instilling
discipline to reach their goals—even if it meant reaching for the
stars.

On July 20, 1969, the Boy Scouts were busy celebrating at a
conference. During the gathering, the scouts were delighted to hear
from former Eagle Scout Neil Armstrong, who sent them greetings from
space. One of their own had grown up to realize a wonderful dream!

In some ways, the Christian home can be like a loving, spiritual scout
camp. The Bible encourages parents to provide a positive growth
environment for children in the home. Parents are exhorted to “bring
[children] up in the training and admonition of the Lord” (Eph. 6:4).
“To bring up” refers to nourishing children by providing resources for
their physical, mental, and spiritual needs. “Training” includes
concern about all aspects of a child’s development. And “admonition”
speaks of providing direction by well-chosen words uniquely suited to
each child.

Let’s strive to make our home a place where loving discipline enables
the children in our charge to reach their potential for God’s glory.

By:  Dennis Fisher

Reflect & Pray

They are buds of hope and promise, Possessed by Him whose name is
Love; Lent us here to train and nourish For a better life above.
—Crosby

What you put into your children’s hearts today influences their
character for tomorrow.
