https://odb.org/2018/12/07/gods-hidden-hand/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

God’s Hidden Hand

All the days ordained for me were written in your book before one of
them came to be.
Psalm 139:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 139:13–18

My friend was adopted by a missionary couple from the United States
and grew up in Ghana. After his family moved back to the US, he began
college but had to drop out. Later, he signed on with the military,
which eventually helped him pay for college and took him all over the
world. Through it all, God was at work, preparing him for a special
role. Today, he writes and edits Christian literature that ministers
to an international audience.

His wife also has an interesting story. She failed her chemistry exams
during her first year of college due to the strong medication she had
to take for epilepsy. After some careful deliberation, she switched
from studying science to studying American Sign Language, which had a
more manageable workload. Reflecting on that experience, she says,
“God was redirecting my life for a greater purpose.” Today, she is
making His life-changing Word accessible to the hearing-impaired.

Do you sometimes wonder where God is leading you? Psalm 139:16
acknowledges God’s sovereign hand in our lives: “Your eyes saw my
unformed body; all the days ordained for me were written in your book
before one of them came to be.” We don’t know how God will use the
circumstances of our life, but we can rest in the knowledge that God
knows everything about us and is directing our footsteps. Though His
sovereign hand may seem hidden, He’s never absent.

By:  Poh Fang Chia

Reflect & Pray

Dear Lord, help me to trust You even when I don’t understand.

What steps can you take to discern God’s leading or to act on His call
for your life?
