https://odb.org/2019/06/06/blooming-in-the-desert/?utm_source=feedburn
er&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%
29

Blooming in the Desert

They will see the glory of the Lord, the splendor of our God.
Isaiah 35:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 35:1–10

The Mojave Desert includes the expected sand dunes, dry canyons,
mesas, and mountains of most deserts. But American biologist Edmund
Jaeger observed that every few years an abundance of rain results in
“such a wealth of blossoms that almost every foot of sand or gravelly
soil is hidden beneath a blanket of flowers.” The Mojave wildflower
show isn’t a yearly phenomenon, though. Researchers confirm the dry
earth needs to be soaked by storms and warmed by the sun, at just the
right times, before blooms will cover the desert with vibrant colors.

This image of God bringing forth life despite the arid terrain reminds
me of the prophet Isaiah. He shared an encouraging vison of hope after
delivering God’s message of judgment on all nations (Isaiah 35).
Describing a future time when God will make all things right, the
prophet said, “The desert and the parched land will be glad; the
wilderness will rejoice and blossom” (v. 1). He declared God’s rescued
people will enter His kingdom “with singing; everlasting joy will
crown their heads. Gladness and joy will overtake them, and sorrow and
sighing will flee away” (v. 10).

With our eternal future secured by God’s promises, we can trust Him
through life’s seasons of drought and drenching storms. Deeply rooted
in His love, we can grow, blooming into His likeness until, at just
the right time, Jesus returns and sets all things right.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

What storms of life have you been facing? How is God showing you His
presence? Look! He’s there.

Loving Father, thank You for assuring us You’re with us and working to
grow us through every stormy moment of our lives.
