https://odb.org/2019/03/11/swept-away/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_mediu
m=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Swept Away

I have swept away your offenses like a cloud, your sins like the
morning mist.
Isaiah 44:22

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 43:25; 44:21–23

When he invented the pencil eraser, British engineer Edward Nairne was
reaching instead for a piece of bread. Crusts of bread were used then,
in 1770, to erase marks on paper. Picking up a piece of latex rubber
by mistake, Nairne found it erased his error, leaving rubberized
“crumbs” easily swept away by hand.

With us too the worst errors of our lives can be swept away. It’s the
Lord—the Bread of Life—who cleans them with His own life, promising
never to remember our sins. “I, even I, am he who blots out your
transgressions, for my own sake,” says Isaiah 43:25, “and remembers
your sins no more.”

This can seem to be a remarkable fix—and not deserved. For many, it’s
hard to believe our past sins can be swept away by God “like the
morning mist.” Does God, who knows everything, forget them so easily?

That’s exactly what God does when we accept Jesus as our Savior.
Choosing to forgive our sins and to “[remember them] no more,” our
heavenly Father frees us to move forward. No longer dragged down by
past wrongs, we’re free of debris and cleaned up to serve, now and
forever.

Yes, consequences may remain. But God sweeps sin itself away, inviting
us to return to Him for our clean new life. There’s no better way to
be swept away.

By:  Patricia Raybon

Reflect & Pray

What things from your past do you have trouble forgetting? Ask God to
help you take Him at His word.

Lord, sweep away my old sins, erasing my past for new life in You.
Help me understand the reality of Your forgiveness and live in it
joyfully.
