http://odb.org/2011/04/16/of-pain-and-gain/

Of Pain And Gain

Many sorrows shall be to the wicked; but he who trusts in the Lord,
mercy shall surround him. —
Psalm 32:10

Today's Scripture: Psalm 32

During summer training camp, the coaches on one football team wore
T-shirts intended to urge their players to exert maximum effort. The
shirts bore the motto, “Each day you must choose: The pain of
discipline or the pain of regret.” Discipline is tough—and something
we may try to avoid. But in sports and in life, short-term pain is
often the only path to long-term gain. In the heat of battle it is too
late to prepare. Either you are ready for the challenges of life or
you will be haunted by the “what ifs,” “if onlys,” and “I should’ves”
that accompany the failure to be prepared. That’s the pain of regret.

One source defines regret as “an intelligent and emotional dislike for
personal past acts and behaviors.” It’s painful to look back at our
choices through the lens of regret and feel the weight of our
failures. This was the case for the psalmist. After a personal episode
of sin and failure, he wrote, “Many sorrows shall be to the wicked;
but he who trusts in the Lord, mercy shall surround him” (Ps. 32:10).
In the clarity of hindsight, he saw the wisdom of a life that strives
to honor the Lord—a life that does not need to be marked by regret.

May our choices today not result in regret, but rather be wise and
God-honoring.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

In You, O Lord, we take delight, Our every need You can supply; We
long to do what’s true and right, So, Lord, on You we will rely. —D.
De Haan

Present choices determine future rewards.
