http://odb.org/2015/09/24/the-upside-of-setbacks/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

The Upside of Setbacks

Wait for the Lord; be strong and take heart and wait for the Lord.
Psalm 27:14

Today's Scripture: Psalm 27

American swimmer Dara Torres had a remarkable career, appearing in
five different Olympics from 1984 to 2008. Late in her career, Torres
broke the US record for the 50-meter freestyle—25 years after she
herself set that record. But it wasn’t always medals and records.
Torres also encountered obstacles in her athletic career: injuries,
surgery, as well as being almost twice the age of most other
competitors. She said, “I’ve wanted to win at everything, every day,
since I was a kid. . . . I’m also aware that setbacks have an upside;
they fuel new dreams.”

“Setbacks have an upside” is a great life lesson. Torres’s struggles
motivated her to reach for new heights. They have a spiritual benefit
too. As James said, “Consider it pure joy . . . whenever you face
trials of many kinds, because you know that the testing of your faith
produces perseverance” (James 1:2-3).

Adopting this perspective on the difficulties of life is not easy, but
it is worthwhile. Trials provide opportunity to deepen our
relationship with God. They also provide the opening to learn lessons
that success cannot teach by developing in us the kind of patience
that waits on God and trusts Him for the strength to endure.

The psalmist reminds us, “Wait for the Lord; be strong and take heart
and wait for the Lord” (Ps. 27:14).

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

In my times of trial, dear Lord, teach me to wait for You. But please
teach me even more to trust the love You have for me. And as I do, may
I learn Your wisdom and have the patience to endure.

The setbacks of life can teach us to wait upon the Lord for His help
and strength.
