https://odb.org/2021/03/23/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Reason to Rest

What do people get for all the toil and anxious striving with which
they labor under the sun?
Ecclesiastes 2:22

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ecclesiastes 2:17–26

If you want to live longer, take a vacation! Forty years after a study
of middle-aged, male executives who each had a risk of heart disease,
researchers in Helsinki, Finland, followed up with their study
participants. The scientists discovered something they hadn’t been
looking for in their original findings: the death rate was lower among
those who had taken time off for vacations.

Work is a necessary part of life—a part God appointed to us even
before our relationship with Him was fractured in Genesis 3. Solomon
wrote of the seeming meaninglessness of work experienced by those not
working for God’s honor—recognizing its “anxious striving” and “grief
and pain” (Ecclesiastes 2:22–23). Even when they’re not actively
working, he says their “minds do not rest” because they’re thinking
about what still needs to be done (v. 23).

We too might at times feel like we’re “chasing after the wind” (v. 17)
and grow frustrated by our inability to “finish” our work. But when we
remember that God is part of our labor—our purpose—we can both work
hard and take time to rest. We can trust Him to be our Provider, for
He’s the giver of all things. Solomon acknowledges that “without him,
who can eat or find enjoyment?” (v. 25). Perhaps by reminding
ourselves of that truth, we can work diligently for Him (Colossians
3:23) and also allow ourselves times of rest.

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

How can you invite God into your labors? How might you allow Him to be
your satisfaction even when your work isn’t “finished”?

God, You bring meaning and purpose to all my labors.
