https://odb.org/2020/05/24/talking-tables/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Talking Tables

Every day they continued to meet together in the temple courts.
Acts 2:46

Today's Scripture & Insight: Acts 2:42–47

Loneliness is one of the greatest threats to our sense of well-being,
affecting our health through our behaviors on social media, food
consumption, and the like. One study suggests that nearly two-thirds
of all people—regardless of age or gender—feel lonely at least some of
the time. One British supermarket has created “talking tables” in
their store cafés as a way to foster connection between people. Those
looking for human interaction simply seat themselves at a table
designated for that purpose, joining others or indicating a desire to
be joined. Conversation ensues, providing a sense of connection and
community.

The people of the early church were committed to shared connection
too. Without each other, they would likely have felt very alone in the
practice of their faith, which was still new to the world. Not only
did they “[devote] themselves to the apostles’ teaching” to learn what
following Jesus meant, they also “[met] together in the temple courts”
and “broke bread in their homes” for mutual encouragement and
fellowship (Acts 2:42, 46).

We need human connection; God designed us that way! Painful seasons of
loneliness point to that need. Like the people of the early church,
it’s important for us to engage in the human companionship our well-
being requires and to offer it to those around us who also need it.

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

How can you intentionally connect with someone today? How might you be
overlooking opportunities for friendship?

Help us, God, to seek connection for our sake and that of others!
