https://odb.org/2018/08/20/in-progress-or-completed/?utm_source=feedbu
rner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Brea
d%29

In Progress or Completed?

For by one sacrifice he has made perfect forever those who are being
made holy.
Hebrews 10:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: Hebrews 10:5–14

It’s satisfying to finish a job. Each month, for instance, one of my
job responsibilities gets moved from one category to another, from “In
Progress” to “Completed.” I love clicking that “Completed” button. But
last month when I clicked it, I thought, If only I could overcome
rough spots in my faith so easily! It can seem like the Christian life
is always in progress, never completed.

Then I remembered Hebrews 10:14. It describes how Christ’s sacrifice
redeems us totally. So in one important sense, that “completed button”
has been pressed for us. Jesus’s death did for us what we couldn’t do
for ourselves: He made us acceptable in God’s eyes when we place our
faith in Him. It is finished, as Jesus Himself said (John 19:30).
Paradoxically, even though His sacrifice is complete and total, we
spend the rest of our lives living into that spiritual reality—“being
made holy,” as Hebrews’ author writes.

The fact that Jesus has finished something that’s still being worked
out in our lives is hard to understand. When I’m struggling
spiritually, it’s encouraging to remember that Jesus’s sacrifice for
me—and for you—is complete . . . even if our living it out in this
life is still a work in progress. Nothing can stop His intended end
from being achieved eventually: being transformed into His likeness
(see 2 Corinthians 3:18).

By:  Adam R. Holz

Reflect & Pray

Jesus, thank You for giving Your life for us. Help us trust You as we
grow into followers whose lives look more and more like Yours, knowing
that You are the one who makes us complete.

God is at work to make us who He intends us to be.
