https://odb.org/2021/01/11/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Lift Up Your Eyes

My help comes from the Lord, the Maker of heaven and earth.
Psalm 121:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 121

The clouds hung low, blocking the horizon and limiting visibility to
only a few hundred yards. The minutes dragged on. The effect on my
mood was noticeable. But then, as afternoon approached, the clouds
began to break, and I saw it: beautiful Pikes Peak, the most
recognizable landmark of my city, flanked on each side by the mountain
range. A smile broke over my face. I considered that even our physical
perspective—our literal line of sight—can affect our spiritual vision.
And I was reminded of the psalmist singing, “I lift up my eyes to the
mountains” (Psalm 121:1). Sometimes we simply need to lift our eyes a
bit higher!

The psalmist pondered where his help came from, maybe because the
hilltops around Israel were dotted with altars to pagan gods and often
contained robbers. Or it could have been because the psalmist looked
up beyond the hills to Mount Zion where the temple stood and
remembered that the Maker of heaven and earth was his covenant God (v.
2). Either way, to worship we must look up. We have to lift our eyes
higher than our circumstances, higher than our troubles and trials,
higher than the empty promises of the false gods of our day. Then we
can see the Creator and Redeemer, the One who calls us by name. He’s
the One who will “watch over your coming and going” today and
forevermore (v. 8).

By:  Glenn Packiam

Reflect & Pray

How can you “look up” today—beyond your circumstances—to see God? What
would it look like to call upon Him for the help you really need?

Dear Father, thank You that You’re the Creator and Keeper—the One who
made the heavens and the earth and watches over me. Help me to lift my
eyes higher to see You and to put my trust in You.
