https://odb.org/2020/11/20/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Turning from Conflict

Do not let the sun go down while you are still angry.
Ephesians 4:26

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ephesians 4:26–32

In his graveside tribute to a famous Dutch scientist, Albert Einstein
didn’t mention their scientific disputes. Instead, he recalled the
“never-failing kindness” of Hendrik A. Lorentz, a beloved physicist
known for his easy manner and fair treatment of others. “Everyone
followed him gladly,” Einstein said, “for they felt he never set out
to dominate but always simply to be of use.”

Lorentz inspired scientists to put aside political prejudice and work
together, especially after World War I. “Even before the war was
over,” Einstein said of his fellow Nobel Prize winner, “[Lorentz]
devoted himself to the work of reconciliation.”

Working for reconciliation should be the goal of everyone in the
church as well. True, some conflict is inevitable. Yet we must do our
part to work for peaceful resolutions. Paul wrote, “Do not let the sun
go down while you are still angry” (Ephesians 4:26). To grow together,
the apostle advised, “Do not let any unwholesome talk come out of your
mouths, but only what is helpful for building others up according to
their needs” (v. 29).

Finally, said Paul, “Get rid of all bitterness, rage and anger,
brawling and slander, along with every form of malice. Be kind and
compassionate to one another, forgiving each other, just as in Christ
God forgave you” (vv. 31–32). Turning from conflict whenever we are
able helps build God’s church. In this, indeed, we honor Him.

By:  Patricia Raybon

Reflect & Pray

How can God help us deal with conflict? To honor Him and your church,
what conflict should you let go?

Loving God, when I face conflict, remind my heart to turn my anger
over to You.
