https://odb.org/2017/06/21/sharing-a-cup-of-comfort/?utm_source=feedbu
rner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Brea
d%29

Sharing a Cup of Comfort

Our hope for you is firm, because we know that just as you share in
our sufferings, so also you share in our comfort.
2 Corinthians 1:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Corinthians 1:3–11

A friend mailed me some of her homemade pottery. Upon opening the box,
I discovered the precious items had been damaged during their journey.
One of the cups had shattered into a few large pieces, a jumble of
shards, and clumps of clay dust. After my husband glued the broken
mess back together, I displayed the beautifully blemished cup on a
shelf.

Like that pieced-together pottery, I have scars that prove I can still
stand strong after the difficult times God’s brought me through. That
cup of comfort reminds me that sharing how the Lord has worked in and
through my life can help others during their times of suffering.

The apostle Paul praises God because He is the “Father of compassion
and the God of all comfort” (2 Cor. 1:3). The Lord uses our trials and
sufferings to make us more like Him. His comfort in our troubles
equips us to encourage others as we share what He did for us during
our time of need (v. 4).

As we reflect on Christ’s suffering, we can be inspired to persevere
in the midst of our own pain, trusting that God uses our experiences
to strengthen us and others toward patient endurance (vv. 5–7). Like
Paul, we can be comforted in knowing that the Lord redeems our trials
for His glory. We can share His cups of comfort and bring reassuring
hope to the hurting.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

Lord, thank You for using us to provide comfort, encouragement, and
hope to others who are suffering. We praise You for all You’ve done,
are doing, and will continue to do to comfort us through our own
afflictions.

God comforts others as we share how He comforted us.
