https://odb.org/2020/09/13/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Friendly Fin

Am I my brother’s keeper?
Genesis 4:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: Genesis 4:8–16

A marine biologist was swimming near the Cook Islands in the South
Pacific when a 50,000-pound humpback whale suddenly appeared and
tucked her under its fin. The woman thought her life was over. But
after swimming slowly in circles, the whale let her go. It’s then that
the biologist saw a tiger shark leaving the area. The woman believes
the whale had been protecting her—keeping her from danger.

In a world of danger, we’re called to watch out for others. But you
might ask yourself, Should I really be expected to be responsible for
someone else? Or in Cain’s words: “Am I my brother’s keeper?” (Genesis
4:9). The rest of the Old Testament resounds with the thunderous
response: Yes! Just as Adam was to care for the garden, so Cain was to
care for Abel. Israel was to keep watch over the vulnerable and care
for the needy. Yet they did the opposite—exploiting the people,
oppressing the poor, and abdicating the calling to love their
neighbors as themselves (Isaiah 3:14–15).

Yet, in the Cain and Abel story, God continued to watch over Cain,
even after he was sent away (Genesis 4:15–16). God did for Cain what
Cain should have done for Abel. It’s a beautiful foreshadowing of what
God in Jesus would come to do for us. Jesus keeps us in His care, and
He empowers us to go and do likewise for others.

By:  Glenn Packiam

Reflect & Pray

Who has God entrusted to your care? How have you embraced that
responsibility? How have you tried to evade or avoid it?

Compassionate God, thank You for Your care for me. You keep me and
watch over me. Help me to do the same for others.
