https://odb.org/2019/09/20/in-the-vine/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

In the Vine

No branch can bear fruit by itself; it must remain in the vine.
Neither can you bear fruit unless you remain in me.
John 15:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 15:1–8

One spring after a particularly dreary winter during which she helped
a family member through a long illness, Emma found encouragement each
time she walked past a cherry tree near her home in Cambridge,
England. Bursting out at the top of the pink blossoms grew blossoms of
white. A clever gardener had grafted into the tree a branch of white
flowers. When Emma passed the unusual tree, she thought of Jesus’s
words about being the Vine and His followers the branches (John
15:1–8).

By calling Himself the Vine, Jesus was speaking of an image familiar
to the Israelites in the Old Testament, for there the vine symbolized
God’s people (Psalm 80:8–9; Hosea 10:1). Jesus extended this symbolism
to Himself, saying He was the Vine and that His followers were grafted
into Him as branches. And as they remained in Him, receiving His
nourishment and strength, they would bear fruit (John 15:5).

As Emma supported her family member, she needed the reminder that she
was connected to Jesus. Seeing the white flowers among the pink ones
gave her a visual prompt of the truth that as she remained in the
Vine, she gained nourishment through Him.

When we who believe in Jesus embrace the idea of being as close to Him
as a branch is to a vine, our faith is strengthened and enriched.

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

How are you receiving spiritual nourishment from Jesus? What will help
you remain in the Vine?

Jesus, thank You for helping me to remain in You. May I find the
peace, hope, and strength I need today.
