https://odb.org/2021/02/05/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Hold Steady

I am the Lord your God who takes hold of your right hand.
Isaiah 41:13

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 41:10–13

Harriet Tubman was one of the great American heroes of the nineteenth
century. Showing remarkable courage, she guided more than three
hundred fellow slaves to freedom after she first escaped slavery by
crossing into free territory in the United States North. Not content
to simply enjoy her own freedom, she ventured back into slave states
nineteen times to lead friends, family, and strangers to freedom,
sometimes guiding people on foot all the way to Canada.

What drove Tubman to such brave action? A woman of deep faith, she at
one time said this: “I always told God, I’m going to hold steady on
you, and you’ve got to see me through.” Her dependence on God’s
guidance as she led people out of slavery was a hallmark of her
success.

What does it mean to “hold steady” to God? A verse in the prophecy of
Isaiah might help us see that in reality it’s He who holds us as we
grab His hand. Isaiah quotes God, who said, “I am the Lord your God
who takes hold of your right hand and says to you, Do not fear; I will
help you” (41:13).

Harriet held tightly to God, and He saw her through. What challenges
are you facing? Hold steady to God as He “takes hold” of your hand and
your life. “Do not fear.” He will help you.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

What’s your biggest challenge right now? What can you do or say to let
God know you trust Him?

Father in heaven, life is hard when I try to do it alone, so I need
Your help. Please come alongside me in my greatest challenges and help
me know I’m not alone. Learn to face life’s challenges through your
study of Soul Care at ChristianUniversity.org/CC201.
