https://odb.org/2021/02/26/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Facing Fear

When I am afraid, I put my trust in you.
Psalm 56:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 56:3–11

Warren moved to a small town to pastor a church. After his ministry
had some initial success, one of the locals turned on him. Concocting
a story accusing Warren of horrendous acts, the man took the story to
the local newspaper and even printed his accusations on pamphlets to
distribute to local residents by mail. Warren and his wife started
praying hard. If the lie was believed, their lives would be upended.

King David once experienced something similar. He faced an attack of
slander by an enemy. “All day long they twist my words,” he said, “all
their schemes are for my ruin” (Psalm 56:5). This sustained assault
left him fearful and tearful (v. 8). But in the midst of the battle,
he prayed this powerful prayer: “When I am afraid, I put my trust in
you. . . . What can mere mortals do to me?” (vv. 3–4).

David’s prayer can be a model for us today. When I am afraid—in times
of fear or accusation, we turn to God. I put my trust in you—we place
our battle in God’s powerful hands. What can mere mortals do to
me?—facing the situation with Him, we remember how limited the powers
against us really are.

The newspaper ignored the story about Warren. For some reason, the
pamphlets were never distributed. What battle do you fear today? Talk
to God. He’s willing to fight it with you.

By:  Sheridan Voysey

Reflect & Pray

What real fears do you face? How can David’s prayer help you deal
with them?

Loving God, I’m afraid—and so today I put my trust in You. What can
mere mortals do to me when You’re fighting for me? Thank You for the
coming victory. For help in choosing hope instead of fear, read
DiscoverySeries.org/Q0733.
