http://odb.org/2015/04/22/a-happy-ending/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Happy Ending

Be kind to one another, tenderhearted, forgiving one another, even as
God in Christ forgave you. —
Ephesians 4:32

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ephesians 4:20-32

A friend told me about the time he was watching football on TV as his
young daughter played nearby. Angered by his team’s bad play, he
grabbed the closest thing and threw it down. His little girl’s
favorite toy was shattered, along with her heart. My friend
immediately embraced his daughter and apologized. He replaced the toy
and thought all was well. But he didn’t know how much his fury had
frightened his 4-year-old, and she didn’t know the depth of her pain.
In time, however, forgiveness came.

Years later he sent an identical toy to his daughter when she was
expecting a baby. She posted a photo of the toy on Facebook with the
words, “This gift has a very long story going back to my childhood. It
wasn’t a happy story then, but it has a happy ending now! Redemption
is a beautiful thing. Thanks, Grandpa!”

The Bible urges us to avoid angry outbursts by putting on the new
self, “which was created according to God, in true righteousness and
holiness” (Eph. 4:24). And if we are the victim of anger, God asks us
to “be kind to one another, tenderhearted, forgiving one another, even
as God in Christ forgave you” (v.32).

Restored relationships are not easy, but they are possible by the
grace of God.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Lord, my temper can sometimes run hot. Grant me the grace to stop and
think before I act or speak and the grace to apologize when I’ve hurt
someone. Thank You for the gift of forgiveness.

Repentance and forgiveness are the glue that can repair a broken
relationship.
