http://odb.org/2016/04/15/great-sacrifice/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Great Sacrifice

The Lord Jesus Christ . . . gave himself for our sins to rescue us.
Galatians 1:3-4

Today's Scripture & Insight: Hebrews 10:5-18

W. T. Stead, an innovative English journalist at the turn of the 20th
century, was known for writing about controversial social issues. Two
of the articles he published addressed the danger of ships operating
with an insufficient ratio of lifeboats to passengers. Ironically,
Stead was aboard the Titanic when it struck an iceberg in the North
Atlantic on April 15, 1912. According to one report, after helping
women and children into lifeboats, Stead sacrificed his own life by
giving up his life vest and a place in the lifeboats so others could
be rescued.

There is something very stirring about self-sacrifice. No greater
example of that can be found than in Christ Himself. The writer of
Hebrews says, “This Man, after He had offered one sacrifice for sins
forever, sat down at the right hand of God . . . . For by one offering
He has perfected forever those who are being sanctified” (Heb.
10:12,14 nkjv). In his letter to the Galatians, Paul opened with words
describing this great sacrifice: “The Lord Jesus Christ . . . gave
himself for our sins to rescue us from the present evil age” (Gal.
1:3-4).

Jesus’ offering of Himself on our behalf is the measure of His love
for us. That willing sacrifice continues to rescue men and women and
offer assurance of eternity with Him.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

God of love and grace, words can never capture the wonder of the
sacrifice that Christ offered on our behalf. May our love respond to
You with faith and worship—for Your Son who was slain is worthy of our
praise. Read more about the sacrifice of Jesus in the Discovery Series
booklet The Power of the Cross.

Jesus laid down His life to show His love for us.
