https://odb.org/2020/10/25/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Strong and Courageous

As I was with Moses, so I will be with you; I will never leave you nor
forsake you.
Joshua 1:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: Joshua 1:1–9

Each night, as young Caleb closed his eyes, he felt the darkness
envelop him. The silence of his room was regularly suspended by the
creaking of the wooden house in Costa Rica. Then the bats in the attic
became more active. His mother had put a nightlight in his room, but
the young boy still feared the dark. One night Caleb’s dad posted a
Bible verse on the footboard of his bed. It read: “Be strong and
courageous. Do not be afraid; . . . for the Lord your God will be with
you” (Joshua 1:9). Caleb began to read those words each night—and he
left that promise from God on his footboard until he went away to
college.

In Joshua 1, we read of the transition of leadership to Joshua after
Moses died. The command to “be strong and courageous” was repeated
several times to Joshua and the Israelites to emphasize its importance
(vv. 6–7, 9). Surely, they felt trepidation as they faced an uncertain
future, but God reassuringly said, “As I was with Moses, so I will be
with you; I will never leave you nor forsake you” (v. 5).

It’s natural to have fears, but it’s detrimental to our physical and
spiritual health to live in a state of constant fear. Just as God
encouraged His servants of old, we too can be strong and courageous
because of the One who promises to always be with us.

By:  Cindy Hess Kasper

Reflect & Pray

What are your deepest and most persistent fears? How can meditating on
God’s promises help you overcome your fear and anxiety?

Faithful Father, thank You that You’re always with me. Help me to
remember Your promises and to trust in You when I’m afraid.
