https://odb.org/2019/09/10/i-will-fear-no-evil/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

I Will Fear No Evil

Even though I walk through the darkest valley, I will fear no evil,
for you are with me.
Psalm 23:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 23

In 1957, Melba Pattillo Beals was selected to be one of the “Little
Rock Nine,” a group of nine African American students who first
integrated the previously all-white Central High School in Little
Rock, Arkansas. In her 2018 memoir, I Will Not Fear: My Story of a
Lifetime of Building Faith under Fire, Beals gives a heartbreaking
account of the injustices and harassment she struggled to face
courageously every day as a fifteen-year-old student.

But she also wrote about her deep faith in God. In her darkest
moments, when fear almost overwhelmed her, Beals repeated the familiar
Bible verses she had learned at an early age from her grandmother. As
she recited them, she was reminded of God’s presence with her, and
Scripture gave her courage to endure.

Beals frequently recited Psalm 23, finding comfort in confessing,
“Even though I walk through the darkest valley, I will fear no evil,
for you are with me” (v. 4). Her grandmother’s encouragement would
ring through her ears as well, reassuring her that God “is as close as
your skin, and you have only to call on Him for help.”

Although our particular situations may vary, we will all likely endure
difficult struggles and overwhelming circumstances that could easily
cause us to give in to fear. In those moments, may your heart find
encouragement in the truth that God’s powerful presence is always with
us.

By:  Lisa M. Samra

Reflect & Pray

When have you felt God’s presence in a fearful situation? How is it
comforting to know that God is always with you?

Father, when circumstances cause me to fear, help me to remember that
You are near, and to find courage in the power of Your presence.
