https://odb.org/2019/12/14/jesus-and-the-bigger-story/?utm_source=feed
burner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Br
ead%29

Jesus and the Bigger Story

We are God’s handiwork, created in Christ Jesus to do good works,
which God prepared in advance for us to do.
Ephesians 2:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ruth 4:13–17

A generous friend offered to babysit our kids so my wife and I could
go on a date. “You should go somewhere fancy!” she gushed. Being
practical people, we decided to go grocery shopping instead. When we
returned, grocery bags in arms, our friend asked why we hadn’t done
anything special. We told her that what makes a date special isn’t so
much what you do, but who you’re with.

One of the few books of the Bible that doesn’t record God directly
saying or doing anything, the book of Ruth could seem to be pretty
ordinary. So some read it as a touching but largely human drama of two
people coming together in a relationship.

But in truth, something extraordinary is taking place. In the final
chapter of Ruth, we read that Ruth and Boaz’s union results in a son
named Obed, the grandfather of David (4:17). And as we read in Matthew
1:1, it’s from David’s family that Jesus was born. It’s Jesus who
unveils the ordinary story of Ruth and Boaz and reveals the
extraordinary story of God’s amazing plans and purposes at work.

So often we see our own lives in the same way: as ordinary and serving
no special purpose. But when we view our lives through Christ, He
gives eternal significance to even the most ordinary situations and
relationships.

By:  Peter W. Chin

Reflect & Pray

When has God turned an ordinary situation into one of extraordinary
significance for you? How has He made all moments in life something
sacred and extraordinary?

Jesus, You give eternal purpose and meaning to the most ordinary of
circumstances. Help me to see all my relationships and circumstances
through You!
