https://odb.org/2017/08/15/under-his-wings-2/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Under His Wings

He will cover you with his feathers, and under his wings you will find
refuge.
Psalm 91:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 91

When I think of protection, I don’t automatically think of a bird’s
feathers. Though a bird’s feathers might seem like a flimsy form of
protection, there is more to them than meets the eye.

Bird feathers are an amazing example of God’s design. Feathers have a
smooth part and a fluffy part. The smooth part of the feather has
stiff barbs with tiny hooks that lock together like the prongs of a
zipper. The fluffy part keeps a bird warm. Together both parts of the
feather protect the bird from wind and rain. But many baby birds are
covered in a fluffy down and their feathers haven’t fully developed.
So a mother bird has to cover them in the nest with her own feathers
to protect them from wind and rain.

The image of God “[covering] us with his feathers” in Psalm 91:4 and
in other Bible passages (see Ps. 17:8) is one of comfort and
protection. The image that comes to mind is a mother bird covering her
little ones with her feathers. Like a parent whose arms are a safe
place to retreat from a scary storm or a hurt, God’s comforting
presence provides safety and protection from life’s emotional storms.

Though we go through trouble and heartache, we can face them without
fear as long as our faces are turned toward God. He is our “refuge”
(91:2, 4, 9).

By:  Linda Washington

Reflect & Pray

Father God, help me trust that You are bigger than any fear I have.
Our Daily Bread welcomes writer Linda Washington! Meet Linda and all
our authors at odb.org/all-authors

When fear causes hope to fade, flee to God, the refuge you can reach
on your knees.
