https://odb.org/2021/03/18/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Small Yet Mighty

We are God’s handiwork, created in Christ Jesus to do good works.
Ephesians 2:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ephesians 2:4–10

There are times late at night in North America’s harsh Sonoran Desert
where one can hear a faint, high-pitched howl. But you probably
wouldn’t suspect the source of the sound—the small yet mighty
grasshopper mouse, howling at the moon to establish its territory.

This unique rodent (dubbed the “werewolf mouse”) is also carnivorous.
In fact, it preys on creatures few would dare mess with, such as the
scorpion. But the werewolf mouse is uniquely equipped for that
particular battle. It not only has a resistance to scorpion venom but
can even convert the toxins into a painkiller!

There’s something inspiring about the way this resilient little mouse
seems custom-made to survive and even thrive in its harsh environment.
As Paul explains in Ephesians 2:10, that kind of marvelous
craftsmanship characterizes God’s designs for His people as well. Each
of us is “God’s handiwork” in Jesus, uniquely equipped to contribute
to His kingdom. No matter how God has gifted you, you have much to
offer. As you embrace with confidence who He’s made you to be, you’ll
be a living witness to the hope and joy of life in Him.

So as you face whatever feels most menacing in your own life, take
courage. You may feel small, but through the gifting and empowerment
of the Spirit, God can use you to do mighty things.

By:  Monica La Rose

Reflect & Pray

Is it easy or difficult for you to see yourself as God’s marvelous
handiwork? Why? In what areas of your life might remembering this
truth give you renewed confidence and courage?

God, thank You for the incredible way You’ve designed me to live with
joy and purpose. Help me to believe, and find courage in, the truth of
who I am in You.
