https://odb.org/2018/04/18/judging-origins/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Judging Origins

The Spirit of the Lord came on Jephthah.
Judges 11:29

Today's Scripture & Insight: Judges 11:1–8, 29

“Where are you from?” We often use that question to get to know
someone better. But for many of us, the answer is complicated.
Sometimes we don’t want to share all the details.

In the book of Judges, Jephthah might not have wanted to answer that
question at all. His half-brothers had chased him out of his hometown
of Gilead for his “questionable” origins. “You are the son of another
woman,” they declared (Judges 11:2). The text says starkly, “His
mother was a prostitute” (v. 1).

But Jephthah was a natural leader, and when a hostile tribe picked a
fight with Gilead, the people who had sent him packing suddenly wanted
him back. “Be our commander,” they said (v. 6). Jephthah asked,
“Didn’t you hate me and drive me from my father’s house?” (v. 7).
After getting assurances that things would be different, he agreed to
lead them. The Scripture tells us, “Then the Spirit of the Lord came
on Jephthah” (v. 29). Through faith, he led them to a great victory.
The New Testament mentions him in its list of heroes of the faith
(Hebrews 11:32).

God so often seems to choose the unlikeliest people to do His work,
doesn’t He? It doesn’t matter where we’re from, how we got here, or
what we’ve done. What matters is that we respond in faith to His love.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Lord, we take great comfort knowing that You don’t show favoritism
based on where we’re from. Our heritage is found in You. Thank You for
adopting us into Your family.

Many who are first will be last, and many who are last will be first.
Matthew 19:30
