https://odb.org/2018/07/30/undeterred/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_mediu
m=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Overcoming Challenges

So the wall was completed on the twenty-fifth of Elul, in fifty-two
days.
Nehemiah 6:15

Today's Scripture & Insight: Nehemiah 6:1–9, 15

We gathered monthly to hold one another accountable to our individual
goals. My friend Mary wanted to reupholster the seats of her dining
room chairs before the year’s end. At our November meeting she wittily
reported her progress from October: “It took ten months and two hours
to recover my chairs.” After months of not being able to obtain the
materials required, or find the quiet hours away from her demanding
job and her toddler’s needs, the project took merely two hours of
committed work to finish.

The Lord called Nehemiah to a far greater project: to bring
restoration to Jerusalem after its walls had lain in ruin for 150
years (Nehemiah 2:3–5, 12). As he led the people in the labor, they
experienced mockery, attacks, distraction, and temptation to sin (4:3,
8; 6:10–12). Yet God equipped them to stand firm—resolute in their
efforts—completing a daunting task in just fifty-two days.

Overcoming such challenges requires much more than a personal desire
or goal; Nehemiah was driven by an understanding that God appointed
him to the task. His sense of purpose invigorated the people to follow
his leadership despite incredible opposition. When God charges us with
a task—whether to repair a relationship or share what He’s done in our
lives—He gives us whatever skills and strength are necessary to
continue in our effort to do what He’s asked, no matter what
challenges come our way.

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

Lord, please equip me with Your strength to persevere and finish the
tasks You’ve given me. May my labors bring You glory.

God equips us to overcome obstacles and complete the tasks He’s given
us to do.
