http://odb.org/2015/03/25/gods-clocks/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_mediu
m=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

God’s Clocks

She . . . spoke of Him to all those who looked for redemption in
Jerusalem. —
Luke 2:38

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 2:36-40

I visit two elderly women from time to time. One has no financial
worries, is fit for her age, and lives in her own home. But she can
always find something negative to say. The other is crippled with
arthritis and rather forgetful. She lives in simple accommodations,
and keeps a reminder pad so she won’t forget her appointments. But to
every visitor to her tiny apartment, her first comment is always the
same: “God is so good to me.” Handing her the reminder pad on my last
visit, I noticed that she had written the day before “Out to lunch
tomorrow! Wonderful! Another happy day.”

Anna was a prophetess at the time of Jesus’ birth, and her
circumstances were hard (Luke 2:36-37). Widowed early and possibly
childless, she may have felt purposeless and destitute. But her focus
was on God and serving Him. She was yearning for the Messiah, but in
the meantime she was busy about God’s business—praying, fasting, and
teaching others all that she had learned from Him.

Finally the day arrived when she—now in her eighties—saw the infant
Messiah in his young mother’s arms. All her patient waiting was
worthwhile. Her heart sang with joy as she praised God and then passed
the glad news on to others.

By:  Marion Stroud

Reflect & Pray

Lord, I don’t want to be a complainer anymore. I want to be a person
who overflows with thankfulness for others and for You. May I accept
whatever You give me in Your time. Show me how to start today.

It’s hard to see both God’s plan and our part. But their intersection
is the best place to be.
