https://odb.org/2018/10/08/our-singing-father/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Our Singing Father

The Lord your God is with you, the Mighty Warrior who saves. He will
take great delight in you; in his love he will . . . rejoice over you
with singing.
Zephaniah 3:17

Today's Scripture & Insight: Zephaniah 3:14–20

No one told me before my wife and I had children how important singing
would be. My children are now six, eight, and ten. But all three had
problems sleeping early on. Each night, my wife and I took turns
rocking our little ones, praying they’d nod off quickly. I spent
hundreds of hours rocking them, desperately crooning lullabies to
(hopefully!) speed up the process. But as I sang over our children
night after night, something amazing happened: It deepened my bond of
love and delight for them in ways I had never dreamed.

Did you know Scripture describes our heavenly Father singing over His
children too? Just as I sought to soothe my children with song, so
Zephaniah concludes with a portrait of our heavenly Father singing
over His people: “He will take great delight in you; in his love he
will . . . rejoice over you with singing” (3:17).

Much of Zephaniah’s prophetic book warns of a coming time of judgment
for those who’d rejected God. Yet that’s not where it ends. Zephaniah
concludes not with judgment but with a description of God not only
rescuing His people from all their suffering (vv. 19–20) but also
tenderly loving and rejoicing over them with song (v. 17).

Our God is not only a “Mighty Warrior who saves” and restores (v. 17)
but a loving Father who tenderly sings songs of love over us.

By:  Adam R. Holz

Reflect & Pray

Father, help us to embrace Your tender love and “hear” the songs You
sing.

Our heavenly Father delights in His children like a parent singing to
a newborn baby.
