https://odb.org/2018/01/21/promises-promises-2/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Promises, Promises

He has given us his very great and precious promises, so that through
them you may participate in the divine nature.
2 Peter 1:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Peter 1:1–9

My youngest daughter and I have a game we call “Pinchers.” When she
goes up the stairs, I’ll chase her and try to give her a little pinch.
The rules are that I can only pinch her (gently, of course!) when
she’s on the stairs. Once she’s at the top, she’s safe. Sometimes,
though, she’s not in the mood to play. And if I follow her up the
stairs, she’ll sternly say, “No pinchers!” I’ll respond, “No pinchers.
I promise.”

Now, that promise may seem a little thing. But when I do what I say,
my daughter begins to understand something of my character. She
experiences my consistency. She knows my word is good, that she can
trust me. It’s a little thing, keeping such a promise. But
promises—or, keeping them, I should say—are the glue of relationships.
They lay a foundation of love and trust.

I think that’s what Peter meant when he wrote that God’s promises
enable us to “participate in the divine nature” (2 Peter 1:4). When we
take God at His Word, trusting what He says about Himself and about
us, we encounter His heart toward us. It gives Him an opportunity to
reveal His faithfulness as we rest in what He says is true. I’m
thankful Scripture brims with His promises, these concrete reminders
that “his compassions never fail. They are new every morning”
(Lamentations 3:22–23).

By:  Adam R. Holz

Reflect & Pray

Lord, thank You so much for Your “great and precious promises.” Help
us to recognize and to rest in what You say is true, that we might
fully experience Your tender goodness.

God’s Word to us reveals His heart toward us.
