https://odb.org/2018/10/22/pumpkin/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=f
eed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Treasure in a Pumpkin

We have this treasure in jars of clay to show that this all-surpassing
power is from God and not from us.
2 Corinthians 4:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Corinthians 4:7–18

As a young mother, I was determined to document my daughter’s first
year of life. Each month, I took photos of her to illustrate how she
had changed and grown. In one of my favorite pictures, she is
gleefully sitting in the belly of a hollowed-out pumpkin I purchased
from a local farmer. There she sat, the delight of my heart, contained
in an overgrown squash. The pumpkin withered in the ensuing weeks, but
my daughter continued to grow and thrive.

The way Paul describes knowing the truth of who Jesus is reminds me of
that photo. He likens the knowledge of Jesus in our heart to a
treasure stored in a clay pot. Remembering what Jesus did for us gives
us the courage and strength to persevere through struggles in spite of
being “hard pressed on every side” (2 Corinthians 4:8). Because of
God’s power in our lives, when we are “struck down, but not
destroyed,” we reveal the life of Jesus (v. 9).

Like the pumpkin that withered, we may feel the wear and tear of our
trials. But the joy of Jesus in us can continue to grow in spite of
those challenges. Our knowledge of Him—His power at work in our
lives—is the treasure stored in our frail clay bodies. We can flourish
in the face of hardship because of His power at work within us.

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

Dear Father, thank You for putting Your truth into my heart and life.
Help me to bear up under the challenges I face with Your power. May
others see Your work in my life and come to know You too.

God’s power is at work within us.
