https://odb.org/2017/05/09/an-active-witness/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Too Good Not to Share

[John] came as a witness to testify concerning that light, so that
through him all might believe.
John 1:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 1:6–14

During court proceedings, witnesses are more than onlookers or
spectators. They are active participants who help determine the
outcome of a case. The same is true of our witness for Christ. We are
to be active participants in a matter of absolute importance—the truth
of Jesus’s death and resurrection.

When John the Baptist came to tell people about Jesus, the light of
the world, he did so by declaring his knowledge of Jesus. And John the
disciple, who recorded the events, testified of his experience with
Jesus: “We have seen his glory, the glory of the one and only Son, who
came from the Father, full of grace and truth” (John 1:14). The
apostle Paul would elaborate on this idea as he told young Timothy,
“The things you have heard me say in the presence of many witnesses
entrust to reliable people who will also be qualified to teach others”
(2 Tim. 2:2).

All Christians have been summoned before the courtroom of the world.
The Bible says we are not mere spectators but active participants. We
testify to the truth about Jesus’s death and resurrection. John the
Baptist was the voice of one calling in the desert. Our voices can be
heard in our workplace, neighborhood, church, and among our family and
friends. We can be active witnesses, telling them about the reality of
Jesus in our lives.

By:  Lawrence Darmani

Reflect & Pray

Do our actions enable us to witness for Jesus? In what creative ways
might we witness today?

The gospel is too good not to share.
