https://odb.org/2020/06/09/our-reason-for-joy/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Our Reason for Joy

Let Israel rejoice in their Maker; let the people of Zion be glad in
their King.
Psalm 149:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 149:1–5

When the school year began a few years ago, fourteen-year-old C.J.
would hop off the bus every afternoon and dance down his driveway. His
mom recorded and shared videos of C.J.’s after-school boogie time. He
danced because he enjoyed life and “making people happy” with every
move. One day, two garbage collectors took time out of their busy work
schedule to stomp, spin, and sway with the young boy who inspires
others to dance with him. This trio demonstrates the power of sincere
and infectious joy.

The writer of Psalm 149 describes the original source of enduring and
unconditional joy—God. The psalmist encourages God’s people to join
together when we can to “sing to the Lord a new song” (v. 1). He
invites Israel to “rejoice in their Maker” and “be glad in their King”
(v. 2). He calls us to worship Him with dancing and music (vv. 1–3).
Why? Because “the Lord takes delight in his people; he crowns the
humble with victory” (v. 4).

Our adoring Father created us and sustains the universe. He delights
in us just because we’re His beloved children. He designed us, knows
us, and invites us into a personal relationship with Him. What an
honor! Our loving and living God is our reason for everlasting joy. We
can rejoice in the gift of His constant presence and be grateful for
every day our Maker has given us.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

Why does knowing God delights in us encourage joy in all
circumstances? How can you express your joy in the Lord throughout the
day?

Thanks for loving us, delighting in us, and knowing us, God. To learn
more about what the Christian faith teaches about God, visit
bit.ly/2k0FNyf.
