https://odb.org/2018/07/28/bees-and-snakes/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Bees and Snakes

If you, then, though you are evil, know how to give good gifts to your
children, how much more will your Father in heaven give good gifts to
those who ask him!
Matthew 7:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 7:7–11

Some problems have Daddy’s name written all over them. For instance,
my kids recently discovered bees had moved into a crack in our
concrete front porch. So, armed with bug spray, I went out to do
battle.

I got stung. Five times.

I don’t like being stung by insects. But better me than my kids or
wife. Taking care of my family’s well-being is at the top of my job
description after all. My children recognized a need, and they asked
me to address it. They trusted me to protect them from something they
feared.

In Matthew 7, Jesus teaches that we too should bring our needs to God
(v. 7), trusting Him with our requests. To illustrate, Jesus gives a
case study in character: “Which of you, if your son asks for bread,
will give him a stone? Or if he asks for a fish, will give him a
snake?” (vv. 9–10). For loving parents, the answer is obvious. But
Jesus answers anyway, challenging us not to lose faith in our Father’s
generous goodness: “If you, then, though you are evil, know how to
give good gifts to your children, how much more will your Father in
heaven give good gifts to those who ask him!” (v. 11).

I can’t imagine loving my kids more. But Jesus assures us that even
the best earthly father’s love is eclipsed by God’s love for us.

By:  Adam R. Holz

Reflect & Pray

Father, thank You for loving us so much more than even the best father
here ever could. Help us to do as Jesus said with everything that’s on
our hearts; to ask, seek, and knock in our relationship with You.

We can rely on our Father for everything we need.
