https://odb.org/2018/04/15/reason-to-sing/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Reason to Sing

Sing to the Lord a new song, for he has done marvelous things.
Psalm 98:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 98

When I was thirteen, my school required students to take four
exploratory courses, including home economics, art, choir, and
woodworking. On my first day in choir, the instructor called each
student to the piano individually to hear their voices and place them
in the room according to their vocal range. During my turn at the
piano, I sang the notes she played multiple times, but wasn’t directed
to a section in the room. Instead, after repeated tries, she sent me
to the counseling office to find a different class to take. From that
moment on, I felt I shouldn’t sing at all, that my voice shouldn’t be
heard in song.

I carried that thought with me for more than a decade until I read
Psalm 98 as a young adult. The writer opens with an invitation to
“sing to the Lord ” (Psalm 98:1). The reason offered has nothing to do
with the quality of our voices; He delights in all His children’s
songs of thanksgiving and praise. Instead, we are invited to sing
because God “has done marvelous things” (v. 1).

The psalmist points out two wonderful reasons to joyfully praise God
in song and in attitude: His saving work in our lives and His ongoing
faithfulness toward us. In God’s choir, we each have a place to sing
of the marvelous things He has done.

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

Lord, You have done great things in my life. Even if my voice isn’t
one that would be heard on stage, I want to join the choir in thanking
You for the amazing things You’ve done.

God loves to hear the voices of His children.
