http://odb.org/2015/12/14/lets-celebrate/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Let’s Celebrate

Praise him with timbrel and dancing, praise him with the strings and
pipe.
Psalm 150:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 150

After Ghana’s Asamoah Gyan scored a goal against Germany in the 2014
World Cup, he and his teammates did a coordinated dance step. When
Germany’s Miroslav Klose scored a few minutes later, he did a running
front flip. “Soccer celebrations are so appealing because they reveal
players’ personalities, values, and passions,” says Clint Mathis, who
scored for the US at the 2002 World Cup.

In Psalm 150, the psalmist invites “everything that has breath” to
celebrate and praise the Lord in many different ways. He suggests that
we use trumpets and harps, stringed instruments and pipes, cymbals and
dancing. He encourages us to creatively and passionately celebrate,
honor, and adore the Lord. Because the Lord is great and has performed
mighty acts on behalf of His people, He is worthy of all praise. These
outward expressions of praise will come from an inner wellspring
overflowing with gratitude to God. “Let everything that has breath
praise the Lord,” the psalmist declares (150:6).

Though we may celebrate the Lord in different ways (I’m not
encouraging back flips in our worship services), our praise to God
always needs to be expressive and meaningful. When we think about the
Lord’s character and His mighty acts toward us, we cannot help but
celebrate Him through our praise and worship.

By:  Marvin Williams

Reflect & Pray

How has this psalm challenged you to be more expressive in your praise
to God? Spend some time thinking about the greatness of the Lord’s
mighty works. Then give Him your praise.

Praise is the song of a soul set free.
