https://odb.org/2019/08/24/you-have-to-relax/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

You Have to Relax!

Return to your rest, my soul, for the Lord has been good to you.
Psalm 116:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 116:1–9

“You must relax,” pronounces a doctor crisply in Disney’s Rescuers
Down Under, attempting to treat the injured albatross Wilbur, a
reluctant patient. “Relax? I am relaxed!” a clearly not relaxed Wilbur
responds sarcastically as his panic grows. “If I were any more
relaxed, I’d be dead!”

Can you relate? In light of the doctor’s dubious methods (such as a
chainsaw dubbed an “epidermal tissue disruptor”), Wilbur’s misgivings
seem justified. But the scene is funny because it captures how we tend
to feel when we’re panicking—whether or not what we’re facing is
actually life-threatening.

When we’re terrified, encouragement to relax can feel ridiculous. I
know when I feel life’s terrors piling up around me, and when painful
“cords of death” (Psalm 116:3) tighten my stomach into knots, my every
instinct is to fight back, not to relax.

And yet . . . more often than not, my panicked attempts to fight back
only tighten anxiety’s vise-grip, leaving me crippled by fear. But
when I, albeit reluctantly, allow myself to feel my pain and lift it
up to God (v. 4), something surprising happens. The knot inside me
relaxes a bit (v. 7), and a peace I can’t understand rushes through
me.

And as the Spirit’s comforting presence surrounds me, I understand a
bit more the truth at the heart of the gospel: we fight best when we
surrender into the powerful arms of God (1 Peter 5:6–7).

By:  Monica La Rose

Reflect & Pray

What struggles do you think of as “cords of death” in your life? How
could you grow in surrendering to God’s love and care in the hard
times?

God, help us surrender our desperate attempts at control and let go of
the burdens we weren’t meant to bear to find rest in Your grace and
goodness.
