http://odb.org/2013/08/11/im-uh-sorry/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_mediu
m=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

“I’m . . . Uh . . . Sorry”

Blot out my transgressions. Wash me thoroughly from my iniquity, and
cleanse me from my sin. —
Psalm 51:1-2

Today's Scripture: Psalm 51:1-17

The news is quick to report all the details of famous people’s
wrongdoings and their subsequent confessions. Perhaps it’s an athlete
who was arrested for driving while drunk. Or it could be a politician
caught in an indiscretion. Only God knows the heart, but when we hear
a stuttered “I’m . . . uh . . . sorry,” we may wonder if they are
truly repentant or just sorry they got caught.

When we read the confession of the famous King David we see what looks
like genuine contriteness. In his public discussion of his sins in
Psalm 51, this disgraced monarch—who had an embarrassing record of
flagrant sins which he had kept hidden (2 Sam. 12:1-13; Ps.
32:3-5)—pleads for mercy.

He recognized that his sin was an affront to God—not just to
people—and that God alone can judge him (Ps. 51:1-6). He realized that
he must be cleansed by God (vv.7-10), and he celebrated his
restoration through service and worship (vv.11-17).

All of us sin and fall short of God’s glory. When we feel the heavy
burden of sin weighing us down, we have the blessing of confession and
forgiveness (1 John 1:9) to lift us up. Isn’t it just like our great
God to turn even our sins into an opportunity to grow in His grace and
power and love!

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

Dear Lord, please give me a humble heart and the courage to confess my
sins before You and others. Thank You for Your promise to be faithful
to forgive my sins and to cleanse me.

Confession is agreeing with God about our sin.
