http://odb.org/2013/08/18/always-an-upgrade/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Always An Upgrade

Put on tender mercies, kindness, humility, meekness, longsuffering; .
. . but above all these things put on love. —
Colossians 3:12

Today's Scripture: Colossians 3:12-17

When I’m about to leave the house, sometimes my wife, Martie, stops me
and says, “You can’t go to the office dressed like that!” It’s usually
something about the tie not matching the jacket or the color of the
slacks being out of sync with the sportcoat. Though being questioned
about my fashion choices may feel like an affront to my good taste, I
have realized that her correcting influence is always an upgrade.

Scripture often calls us to “put on” attitudes and actions that match
our identity in Christ. Sometimes we are known by the clothes we wear,
but we can make Jesus known by wearing attitudes and actions that
reveal His presence in our lives. The apostle Paul advised us to set
the fashion standard by modeling the wardrobe of Jesus’ compassion,
kindness, humility, meekness, patience, and forgiveness (Col. 3:12).
And, he added, “above all these things put on love . . . . And let the
peace of God rule in your hearts” (vv.14-15).

Clothing ourselves in Jesus’ likeness begins with spending time with
Him. If you hear Him say, “You can’t go out like that!” let Him
lovingly take you back to the closet so He can clothe you with His
likeness. It’s always an upgrade!

By:  Joe Stowell

Reflect & Pray

Lord, help us to see ourselves the way You see us. By Your Spirit
teach us to adorn our lives with the attitudes and actions You have
designed for us as a public statement about our identity with You.

Clothing ourselves with Jesus’ attitudes and actions shows His
presence in our lives.
