https://odb.org/2021/01/22/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Running to Tell

So the women . . . ran to tell his disciples.
Matthew 28:8

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 28:1–10

The modern-day marathon is based on the story of a Greek messenger,
Pheidippides. According to legend, in 490 bc he ran approximately
twenty-five miles (forty kilometers) from Marathon to Athens to
announce the Greeks’ victory against their formidable foe, the
invading Persians. Today, people run marathons for the personal
satisfaction of an athletic achievement, but Pheidippides had a
greater purpose behind his effort: each of his steps was run for the
sheer joy of delivering good news to his kinsmen!

Some five hundred years later, two women also ran to deliver good
news—the most pivotal news in all of history. When Mary and Mary
Magdalene arrived at the tomb where Jesus had been placed after His
crucifixion, they found it empty. An angel told them that Jesus had
“risen from the dead” and to “go quickly and tell his disciples”
(Matthew 28:7). The women, “afraid yet filled with joy,” ran to tell
the disciples what they’d discovered (v. 8).

May we have the same joyful exuberance at the resurrection of Jesus,
and may it invigorate us to share the good news with others. We may
not even need to “run” farther than next door to find someone who
needs to know about our Savior. He won the battle against death so we
might live victoriously with Him forever!

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

Who shared the good news of Christ’s resurrection with you? How
will you share it with others today?

God, I rejoice because of Your victory over death. Thank You for
allowing me the privilege of sharing this good news with those You’ve
put in my life. To learn more about the resurrection of Jesus, visit
ChristianUniversity.org/CA206.
