http://odb.org/2013/12/11/hope-for-skeptics/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Hope For Skeptics

So shall My word be that goes forth from My mouth; it shall not return
to Me void, but it shall accomplish what I please. —
Isaiah 55:11

Today's Scripture: Isaiah 55:6-13

As a workplace chaplain, I’m privileged to be in conversation with
many different people. Some are skeptics of the Christian faith. I’ve
discovered three major hurdles that keep them from trusting in Christ
for salvation.

The first barrier, surprisingly, isn’t an unwillingness to believe
that God exists; instead some doubt that they’re important enough for
God’s attention. Second, some believe they are unworthy of His
forgiveness. People are often their own harshest judges. The third
hurdle? They wonder why God is not communicating with them if He is
out there.

Let’s work backward through the hurdles to see what God’s Word says.
First, God doesn’t play head games. He promises that if we read His
Word, He will make sure it accomplishes His purpose (Isa. 55:11). In
other words, if we read it we will discover that God is communicating
with us. This is precisely why the Bible speaks so often of His grace
and mercy toward all (v.7). His willingness to forgive surpasses our
own. Once we learn that we can hear God in the Bible and once we see
the emphasis on His mercy, it becomes easier to believe we have His
attention when we cry out to Him.

God’s story is amazing. It can give hope for all of us.

By:  Randy Kilgore

Reflect & Pray

There can be times when one’s mind is in doubt, Times when one asks
what the faith is about; But we can believe Him, we know that He
cares— Our God is real, as the Bible declares. —Fitzhugh

Honest skepticism can be the first step to a strong faith.
