https://odb.org/2021/03/07/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Pleading with God

I, Daniel, understood from the Scriptures. . . . So I turned to the
Lord God and pleaded with him in prayer and petition.
Daniel 9:2–3

Today's Scripture & Insight: Daniel 9:1–5, 17–19

A family’s prayer time ended with a surprising announcement one
morning. As soon as Dad said, “Amen,” five-year-old Kaitlyn
proclaimed, “And I prayed for Logan, because he had his eyes open
during prayer.”

I’m pretty sure praying for your ten-year-old brother’s prayer
protocol isn’t what Scripture has in mind when it calls us to
intercessory prayer, but at least Kaitlyn realized that we can pray
for others.

Bible teacher Oswald Chambers emphasized the importance of praying for
someone else. He said that “intercession is putting yourself in God’s
place; it is having His mind and perspective.” It’s praying for others
in light of what we know about God and His love for us.

We find a great example of intercessory prayer in Daniel 9. The
prophet understood God’s troubling promise that the Jews would have
seventy years of captivity in Babylon (Jeremiah 25:11–12). Realizing
that those years were nearing their completion, Daniel went into
prayer mode. He referenced God’s commands (Daniel 9:4–6), humbled
himself (v. 8), honored His character (v. 9), confessed sin (v. 15),
and depended on His mercy as he prayed for His people (v. 18). And he
got an immediate answer from God (v. 21).

Not all prayer ends with such a dramatic response, but be encouraged
that we can go to God on behalf of others with an attitude of trust
and dependence on Him.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

When you pray for others, how are you seeking the mind of God? How do
you seek His perspective?

Dear heavenly Father, help me to know You better so that when I pray
for others, I can filter my requests through my knowledge of Your
will.
