http://odb.org/2015/09/20/tissue-boxes/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Tissue Boxes

I trust in you, Lord; I say, “You are my God.” My times are in your
hands.
Psalm 31:14-15

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 31:9-18

As I sat in the surgical waiting room, I had time to think. I had been
here recently, when we received the jarring news that my only brother,
much too young, was “brain dead.”

And so on this day, waiting for news about my wife who was undergoing
a serious surgical procedure, I penned a lengthy note to her. Then,
surrounded by nervous chatter and oblivious children, I listened for
the quiet voice of God.

Suddenly, news! The surgeon wanted to see me. I went to a secluded
room to wait. There, on the table, sat two tissue boxes, conspicuously
available. They weren’t for the sniffles. They were for cold, hard
phrases like I heard when my brother died—“brain dead” and “nothing we
can do.”

In such times of grief or uncertainty, the honesty of the psalms makes
them a natural place to turn. Psalm 31 was the heart-cry of David, who
endured so much that he wrote, “My life is consumed by anguish” (v.
10). Compounding that grief was the pain of abandonment by his friends
and neighbors (v. 11).

But David had the bedrock of faith in the one true God. “I trust in
you, Lord; I say, ‘You are my God.’ My times are in your hands” (vv.
14-15). His lament concludes with resounding encouragement and hope.
“Be strong and take heart, all you who hope in the Lord” (v. 24).

This time in the waiting room, the surgeon gave us good news: My wife
could expect a full and complete recovery. Of course we’re relieved
and grateful! But even if she hadn’t been “okay,” our times still
remain in God’s capable hands.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Lord, we give You our deepest grief and pain as well as our joy. Thank
You for Your constant love and presence no matter what today holds for
us. You alone are faithful!

When we put our problems in God’s hands, He puts His peace in our
hearts.
