http://odb.org/2007/07/03/irreverence/

Irreverence

The people kept shouting, “The voice of a god and not of a man!” Then
immediately an angel of the Lord struck him. —
Acts 12:22-23

Today's Scripture: Acts 12:20-24

King Herod, dressed in his royal apparel, delivered an oration to an
audience eager to win his favor. He reveled in their flattering
response. “[This is] the voice of a god and not of a man!” shouted the
crowd (Acts 12:22). Fear and awe of the one true God should have led
him to protest, but he didn’t. For his failure to “give glory to God,”
he was immediately struck by an angel of the Lord. He suffered an
excruciating death because of his lack of reverence for God.

Paul and Barnabas, on the other hand, had such a great reverence for
God that they nearly panicked at the thought of being worshiped (Acts
14:14-15). Upon seeing the apostle Paul miraculously heal a man who
had been crippled from birth, the onlookers shouted, “The gods have
come down to us in the likeness of men!” Then they prepared to offer
sacrifices to Paul and Barnabas (vv.11-13). When the apostles heard
this, they “tore their clothes and ran in among the multitude, crying
out, . . . ‘Why are you doing these things?’” (vv.14-15).

In these contrasting biblical accounts, we see a solemn call to give
God reverence in our irreverent world. He is the only one who is
worthy of glory, praise, and honor. He is the only one who merits our
worship.

By:  Herbert Vander Lugt

Reflect & Pray

To fear the Lord means giving Him Our reverence, trust, and awe,
Acknowledging His sovereignty, Submitting to His law. —Hess

Not unto us, O Lord, not unto us, but to Your name give glory. —Psalm
115:1
