https://odb.org/2019/07/03/honest-to-god/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Honest to God

Then I acknowledged my sin to you and did not cover up my iniquity.
Psalm 32:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 1:12–18

My three-year-old grandson’s day was off to a rotten start. He
couldn’t find his favorite shirt. The shoes he wanted to wear were too
hot. He fussed and fumed at his grandmother and then sat down to cry.

“Why are you so upset?” I asked. We talked for a while and after he
calmed down, I gently inquired, “Have you been good for Grandma?” He
looked thoughtfully at his shoes and responded, “No, I was bad. I’m
sorry.”

My heart went out to him. Instead of denying what he had done, he was
honest. In the following moments we asked Jesus to forgive us when we
do wrong and to help us do better.

In Isaiah 1, God confronts His people about wrongs they’d committed.
Bribes and injustice were rampant in the courts, and orphans and
widows were taken advantage of for material gain. Yet even then God
responded mercifully, asking the people of Judah to confess what
they’d done and turn from it: “Come now, let us settle the matter . .
. . Though your sins are like scarlet, they shall be as white as snow”
(Isaiah 1:18).

God longs for us to be open with Him about our sins. He meets honesty
and repentance with loving forgiveness: “If we confess our sins, he is
faithful and just and will forgive us our sins and purify us from all
unrighteousness” (1 John 1:9). Because our God is merciful, new
beginnings await!

By:  James Banks

Reflect & Pray

What sins have you not been honest with God about? What’s holding you
back from confessing them to Him?

Abba, Father, help me to turn away from the sin in my life and make a
new beginning with You today.
