http://odb.org/2012/04/16/a-heart-of-gratitude/

A Heart Of Gratitude

The heavens declare the glory of God; and the firmament shows His
handiwork. —
Psalm 19:1

Today's Scripture: Psalm 19:1-6

My boyhood hero was American frontiersman Davy Crockett. In the book
David Crockett: His Life and Adventures, Davy encounters a beautiful
sight that causes him to launch into praise to the Creator. The writer
describes it this way: “Just beyond the grove there was another
expanse of treeless prairie, so rich, so beautiful, so brilliant with
flowers, that even Colonel Crockett, all unaccustomed as he was to the
devotional mood, reined in his horse, and gazing entranced upon the
landscape, exclaimed, ‘O God, what a world of beauty hast Thou made
for man! And yet how poorly does he requite Thee for it! He does not
even repay Thee with gratitude.’” Crockett recognized that the
Creator’s handiwork demands a response of thankfulness—a response that
is often neglected or ignored.

The psalmist wrote, “The heavens declare the glory of God; and the
firmament shows His handiwork” (Ps. 19:1). God’s handiwork is a
spectacle that, rightly understood, should not only take our breath
away but should inspire us to worship and praise our God as it did the
psalmist.

Davy Crockett was right—encountering the wonders of God’s creation
should inspire, at the least, a heart of gratitude. Are we grateful?

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Across the expanse God stretched out His creation— Established the
stars, gave the earth its foundation; His strength claims our worship,
His power our fear; Yet Calvary’s cross sets us free to draw near.
—Gustafson

God’s glory shines through His creation.
