https://odb.org/2021/01/06/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Depths of Love

See what great love the Father has lavished on us, that we should be
called children of God! And that is what we are!
1 John 3:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 John 3:1–6

Three-year-old Dylan McCoy had just learned to swim when he fell
through a rotted plywood covering into a forty-foot deep, stone-walled
well in his grandfather’s backyard. Dylan managed to stay afloat in
ten feet of water until his father went down to rescue him.
Firefighters brought ropes to raise the boy, but the father was so
worried about his son that he’d already climbed down the slippery
rocks to make sure he was safe.

Oh, the love of a parent! Oh, the lengths (and depths) we will go for
our children!

When the apostle John writes to believers in the early church who were
struggling to find footing for their faith as false teaching swirled
about them, he extends these words like a life-preserver: “See what
great love the Father has lavished on us, that we should be called
children of God! And that is what we are!” (1 John 3:1). Naming
believers in Jesus as “children” of God was an intimate and legal
labeling that brought validity to all who trust in Him.

Oh, the lengths and depths God will go for His children!

There are actions a parent will take only for their child—like Dylan’s
dad descending into a well to save his son. And like the ultimate act
of our heavenly Father, who sent His only Son to gather us close to
His heart and restore us to life with Him (vv. 5–6).

By:  Elisa Morgan

Reflect & Pray

When has God rescued you from a dark well of need? How have you seen
Him bring you to a place of hope?

Oh, heavenly Father, thank You for reaching into the well of my need
to rescue me and bring me back to You! Read more about the love of God
at DiscoverySeries.org/Q0612.
