http://odb.org/2015/12/05/what-christmas-is-all-about/?utm_source=feed
burner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Br
ead%29

What Christmas Is All About

There were shepherds living out in the fields nearby, keeping watch
over their flocks at night.
Luke 2:8

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 2:8-14

Fifty years ago A Charlie Brown Christmas was first broadcast on
American television. Some network executives thought it would be
ignored, while others worried that quoting the Bible would offend
viewers. Some wanted its creator, Charles Schulz, to omit the
Christmas story, but Schulz insisted it stay in. The program was an
immediate success and has been rebroadcast every year since 1965.

When Charlie Brown, the frustrated director of the children’s
Christmas play, is discouraged by the commercial spirit of the holiday
season, he asks if anyone can tell him the real meaning of Christmas.
Linus recites Luke 2:8-14 including the words, “For unto you is born
this day in the city of David a Saviour, which is Christ the Lord. And
this shall be a sign unto you; Ye shall find the babe wrapped in
swaddling clothes, lying in a manger. And suddenly there was with the
angel a multitude of the heavenly host praising God, and saying, Glory
to God in the highest, and on earth peace, good will toward men” (vv.
11-14 kjv). Then Linus says, “That’s what Christmas is all about,
Charlie Brown.”

During this season filled with our own doubts and dreams, it’s good to
ponder afresh God’s great love expressed in the familiar story of
Joseph, Mary, the baby Jesus, and the angels who announced the
Savior’s birth.

That’s what Christmas is all about.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Father in heaven, as we approach Christmas, may we grasp in a deeper
way Your amazing gift to us.

God broke into human history to offer us the gift of salvation!
