https://odb.org/2021/01/12/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Breaking the Cycle

If anyone is in Christ, the new creation has come: The old has gone,
the new is here!
2 Corinthians 5:17

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Corinthians 5:14–21

David’s first beating came at the hands of his father on his
seventh birthday, after he accidentally broke a window. “He kicked me
and punched me,” David said. “Afterward, he apologized. He was an
abusive alcoholic, and it’s a cycle I’m doing my best to end now.”

But it took a long time for David to get to this point. Most of his
teen years and twenties were spent in jail or on probation, and in and
out of addiction treatment centers. When it felt like his dreams were
entirely dashed, he found hope in a Christ-centered treatment center
through a relationship with Jesus.

“I used to be filled with nothing but despair,” David says. “Now I’m
pushing myself in the other direction. When I get up in the morning,
the first thing I tell God is that I’m surrendering my will over to
Him.”

When we come to God with lives shattered, whether by others’
wrongdoing or by our own, God takes our broken hearts and makes us
new: “If anyone is in Christ, . . . the old has gone, the new is
here!” (2 Corinthians 5:17). Christ’s love and life breaks into the
cycles of our past, giving us a new future (vv. 14–15). And it doesn’t
end there! Throughout our lives, we can find hope and strength in what
God has done and continues to do in us—each and every moment.

By:  Alyson Kieda

Reflect & Pray

Where were you headed when you received Jesus as your Savior? How does
it help to know that God continues to shape your life to increasingly
resemble His?

Dear God, thank You for interrupting the downward trajectory of my
life and making me a new creation! Make me ever more like You.
