https://odb.org/2018/09/03/the-way-home/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Finding the Way Home

[God] comforts us in all our troubles, so that we can comfort those in
any trouble with the comfort we ourselves receive from God.
2 Corinthians 1:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Corinthians 1:3–11

Sometimes this journey through life can be so difficult that we’re
simply overwhelmed, and it seems there’s no end to the darkness.
During such a time in our own family’s life, my wife emerged one
morning from her quiet time with a new lesson learned. “I think God
wants us not to forget in the light what we’re learning in this
darkness.”

Paul writes this same thought to the Corinthians (2 Corinthians 1),
after describing the terrible difficulties he and his team endured in
Asia. Paul wants the Corinthians to understand how God can redeem even
our darkest moments. We’re comforted, he says, so we may learn how to
comfort others (v. 4). Paul and his team were learning things from God
during their trials that they could use to comfort and advise the
Corinthians when they faced similar difficulties. And God does that
for us as well, if we’re willing to listen. He will redeem our trials
by teaching us how to use what we’ve learned in them to minister to
others.

Are you in the darkness now? Be encouraged by Paul’s words and
experience. Trust that God is right now directing your steps and that
He’s also stamping His truths on your heart so you can share them with
others who are in similar circumstances. You’ve been there before, and
you know the way home.

By:  Randy Kilgore

Reflect & Pray

Father, help those who are hurting today so they may see and know Your
loving presence in their darkest hours.

Never forget in the light what you learn in the darkness.
