http://odb.org/2011/07/31/free-4-all/

Free 4 All

For by grace you have been saved through faith, and that not of
yourselves; it is the gift of God. —
Ephesians 2:8

Today's Scripture: Ephesians 1:7-14;2:8-9

In an effort to assist people struggling to provide for their families
during tough economic times, the church I attend created a program
called “Free 4 All.”

We brought lightly used items to the church and opened the doors to
people of the community. They could come and take home anything they
needed.

While the day was a huge success as far as the amount of goods people
were able to pick up, it was even better for this reason: Six people
trusted Jesus Christ as Savior at the event. Indeed, these six new
believers took part in the greatest “Free 4 All” of all time—the offer
of salvation through Jesus Christ.

The items that were taken to the church on this special day had
already been purchased. They were then given without cost to all who
simply asked for them. Likewise, eternal forgiveness for our sins has
already been purchased. Jesus paid that price when He died on a cross
on Golgotha’s hill 2,000 years ago (Rom. 3:23-25). He now offers
salvation at no cost to all who simply repent and believe that Jesus
has the power to forgive and save (Acts 16:31).

Each of us is needy spiritually—and only Jesus can meet that need.
Have you accepted what He offers without cost at the world’s biggest
“Free 4 All”?

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

I know by faith in whom I have believed, I know that God’s free gift I
have received, I know that He will keep me to the end, My Savior, my
Redeemer, and my Friend. —Anon.

Salvation is free, but you must receive it.
