http://odb.org/2013/10/24/re-creation

Re-Creation

Therefore, if anyone is in Christ, he is a new creation; old things
have passed away; behold, all things have become new. —
2 Corinthians 5:17

Today's Scripture: 2 Corinthians 5:12-21

Chris Simpson’s life used to be consumed by hate. After he and his
wife lost their first child, he was confused and angry. He directed
that anger toward various ethnic groups and covered his body with
hate-filled tattoos.

After listening to his son mimic his hatred, though, Simpson knew he
needed to change. He watched a Christian movie about courage and began
attending church. One month later he was baptized as a follower of
Jesus Christ. Simpson is now a new person and is leaving the hate
behind him, which includes the painful and expensive process of having
his tattoos removed.

The apostle Paul knew something about this kind of deep
transformation. He hated Jesus and persecuted His followers (Acts
22:4-5; 1 Cor. 15:9). But a personal encounter and spiritual union
with Christ (Acts 9:1-20) changed all of that, causing him to
reevaluate his life in light of what Jesus accomplished on the cross.
This union with Christ made Paul a new person. The old order of sin,
death, and selfishness was gone and a new beginning, a new covenant, a
new perspective and way of living had come.

Following Jesus is not turning over a new leaf; it is beginning a new
life under a new Master.

By:  Marvin Williams

Reflect & Pray

For Further Thought What is the evidence that my union with Christ has
transformed my old humanity? Are there indicators that I am not the me
I used to be?

Being in Christ is not rehabilitation, it’s re-creation.
