https://odb.org/2020/05/07/go-between-prayer/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Go-Between Prayer

The Spirit intercedes for God’s people.
Romans 8:27

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 8:26–34

Late one Saturday afternoon, my family and I stopped at a local
restaurant for lunch. As the waiter set crispy fries and thick burgers
on our table, my husband glanced up and asked his name. Then he said,
“We pray as a family before we eat. Is there something we can pray for
you today?” Allen, whose name we now knew, looked at us with a mixture
of surprise and anxiety. A short silence followed before he told us
that he was sleeping on his friend’s couch each night, his car had
just quit working, and he was broke.

As my husband quietly asked God to provide for Allen and show him His
love, I thought about how our go-between prayer was similar to what
happens when the Holy Spirit takes up our cause and connects us with
God. In our moments of greatest need—when we realize we’re no match to
handle life on our own, when we don’t know what to say to God, “The
Spirit intercedes for God’s people” (Romans 8:27). What the Spirit
says is a mystery, but we’re assured that it always fits with God’s
will for our lives.

The next time you pray for God’s guidance, provision, and protection
in someone else’s life, let that act of kindness remind you that your
spiritual needs are also being lifted to God who knows your name and
cares about your problems.

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

Is there anyone you can pray for today? How might you respond to
temptation differently if you knew that the Holy Spirit was praying
for you during the struggle?

Jesus, I thank You that temptation has no power to separate me from
You. Please give me victory today through the power of
Your resurrection from the dead.
