http://odb.org/2011/09/30/1000th-birthday/

1,000th Birthday

Prepare to meet your God! —
Amos 4:12

Today's Scripture: Amos 4:7-13

In his book Long for This World, Jonathan Weiner writes about
science’s promise to radically extend how long we live. At the center
of the book is English scientist Aubrey de Grey, who predicts that
science will one day offer us 1,000-year lifespans. Aubrey claims that
molecular biology has finally placed a cure for aging within our
reach.

But what difference does it make if, after living 1,000 years, we will
eventually die anyway? De Grey’s prediction only postpones facing the
ultimate question of what happens when we die. It does not answer it.

The Scriptures tell us that death is not the end of our existence.
Instead, we are assured that everyone will stand before
Christ—believers for their works and nonbelievers for their rejection
of Him (John 5:25-29; Rev. 20:11-15). All of us are sinners and in
need of forgiveness. And only Christ’s death on the cross has provided
forgiveness for all who believe (Rom. 3:23; 6:23). The Bible says, “It
is appointed for men to die once, but after this the judgment” (Heb.
9:27).

Our appointed face-to-face encounter with God puts everything in
perspective. So whether we live 70 years or 1,000, the issue of
eternity is the same: “Prepare to meet your God!” (Amos 4:12).

By:  Dennis Fisher

Reflect & Pray

What matters more than length of life Is where you’ll spend eternity;
If you have placed your faith in Christ, Then heaven’s glory you will
see. —Sper

Only those who have placed their faith in Christ are prepared to meet
their Maker.
