https://odb.org/2020/05/29/the-maker-of-the-moon/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

The Maker of the Moon

[The Lord said,] “I will be their God and they will be my people.”
Jeremiah 31:33

Today's Scripture & Insight: Jeremiah 31:33–37

After astronauts set the Eagle down in the Sea of Tranquility, Neil
Armstrong said, “That’s one small step for man, one giant leap for
mankind.” He was the first human to walk on the surface of the moon.
Other space travelers followed, including the commander of the last
Apollo mission, Gene Cernan. “There I was, and there you are, the
Earth—dynamic, overwhelming, and I felt . . . it was just too
beautiful to happen by accident,” Cernan said. “There has to be
somebody bigger than you and bigger than me.” Even from their unique
view in deep space, these men understood their smallness in comparison
to the vastness of the universe.

The prophet Jeremiah also considered the immensity of God as Creator
and Sustainer of the earth and beyond. The Maker of all promised to
reveal Himself intimately as He offered His people love, forgiveness,
and hope (Jeremiah 31:33–34). Jeremiah affirms God’s enormity as He
who “appoints the sun to shine by day, who decrees the moon and stars
to shine by night” (v. 35). Our Creator and Lord Almighty will reign
above all as He works to redeem all of His people (vv. 36–37).

We’ll never finish exploring the immeasurable vastness of the heavens
and depths of the earth’s foundations. But we can stand in awe at the
complexity of the universe and trust the maker of the moon—and
everything else.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

How does imagining God’s bigness as Creator and Sustainer of the
universe help you trust Him with the obstacles that come your way? How
does the complexity of the universe help you trust God with the
details of your life?

Creator and Sustainer of all, thanks for inviting us to know You and
trust You today and forever.
