http://odb.org/2015/04/11/when-were-let-down/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

When We’re Let Down

The Lord does not save with sword and spear; for the battle is the
Lord’s and He will give you into our hands. —
1 Samuel 17:47

Today's Scripture: 1 Samuel 17:33-50

On August 4, 1991, the MTS Oceanos cruise ship ran into a terrible
storm off the coast of South Africa. When the ship began to sink, the
captain decided to abandon ship and left with his officers, failing to
notify those onboard of any problem. Passenger Moss Hills, a British
musician, noticed that something was wrong and sent out a Mayday
signal to the South African coast guard. Then, taking matters into
their own hands, Moss, his wife Tracy, and other entertainers on board
helped organize the evacuation of all passengers by assisting them as
they were lifted into helicopters.

Sometimes those we look to for leadership can let us down. When King
Saul and his officers faced the belligerent insults of the Philistine
giant Goliath, they responded with fear and timidity (1 Sam. 17:11).
But a young musician and shepherd boy named David had faith in God
that transformed his perspective on this threat. David said to
Goliath, “You come to me with a sword . . . . But I come to you in the
name of the Lord of hosts” (v.45). David defeated the enemy and turned
the tide of battle (v.50). He did not look to earthly leaders for his
strength but to the living God.

When others let us down, God may be calling us to provide leadership
in His strength and for His honor.

By:  Dennis Fisher

Reflect & Pray

Dear Lord, I don’t have the power on my own to lead others through a
difficult situation. But You are all-powerful. Give me the courage to
help others as I rely on Your strength that cannot fail.

Only as we follow Christ can we lead others in the right direction.
