https://odb.org/2020/05/03/the-one-who-sees/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The One Who Sees

You may be sure that your sin will find you out.
Numbers 32:23

Today's Scripture & Insight: Numbers 32:16–24

“Oh no!” My wife’s voice rang out when she stepped into the kitchen.
The moment she did, our ninety-pound Labrador retriever “Max” bolted
from the room.

Gone was the leg of lamb that had been sitting too close to the edge
of the counter. Max had consumed it, leaving only an empty pan. He
tried to hide under a bed. But only his head and shoulders fit. His
uncovered rump and tail betrayed his whereabouts when I went to track
him down.

“Oh, Max,” I murmured, “Your ‘sin’ will find you out.” The phrase was
borrowed from Moses, when he admonished two tribes of Israel to be
obedient to God and keep their promises. He told them: “But if you
fail to do this, you will be sinning against the Lord ; and you may be
sure that your sin will find you out” (Numbers 32:23).

Sin may feel good for a moment, but it causes the ultimate pain of
separation from God. Moses was reminding his people that God misses
nothing. As one biblical writer put it, “Everything is uncovered and
laid bare before the eyes of him to whom we must give account”
(Hebrews 4:13).

Though seeing all, our holy God lovingly draws us to confess our sin,
repent of it (turn from it), and walk rightly with Him (1 John 1:9).
May we follow Him in love today.

By:  James Banks

Reflect & Pray

How does the truth that God sees everything we do and still loves us
encourage you to turn from sin? In what practical ways can you respond
to His love today?

Thank You for being “the God who sees me” (Genesis 16:13). I praise
You that though You see both good and bad, You sent Your Son to save
and set me free. Help me to walk in loving obedience.
