https://odb.org/2019/03/27/remembering-my-father/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

Remembering My Father

Whatever you do, work at it with all your heart, as working for the
Lord.
Colossians 3:23

Today's Scripture & Insight: Job 38:1–11

When I remember my dad, I picture him best outdoors hammering or
gardening or downstairs working in his cluttered workroom, stuffed
with fascinating tools and gadgets. His hands were always busy at a
task or project—sometimes building (a garage or a deck or a
birdhouse), sometimes locksmithing, and sometimes designing jewelry
and stained-glass art.

Remembering my dad prompts me to think of my heavenly Father and
Creator, who has always been busy at work. In the beginning, “[God]
laid the earth’s foundations . . . [and] marked off its dimensions . .
. while the morning stars sang together and all the angels shouted for
joy” (Job 38:4–7). Everything He created was a work of art, a
masterpiece. He designed a breathtakingly beautiful world and
pronounced it “very good” (Genesis 1:31).

That includes you and me. God designed us in intimate and intricate
detail (Psalm 139:13–16); and He entrusted us with and instilled in us
(His image bearers) the goal and desire to work, which includes ruling
and caring for the Earth and its creatures (Genesis 1:26–28; 2:15). No
matter the work we do—in our job or in our leisure—God empowers and
gives us what we need to work wholeheartedly for Him.

In everything we do, may we do it to please Him.

By:  Alyson Kieda

Reflect & Pray

What has God worked out in your life recently? How does it change your
view of even mundane tasks to see them as opportunities to serve and
honor Him?

Dear God, thank You for equipping us to do the work You’ve called us
to do.
