http://odb.org/2013/08/25/the-next-chapter/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Next Chapter

Let us run with endurance the race that is set before us, looking unto
Jesus, the author and finisher of our faith. —
Hebrews 12:1-2

Today's Scripture: Hebrews 12:1-11

Steve was almost 5 when his father, missionary pilot Nate Saint, was
killed in 1956, along with four other men, by the Waodani tribe in
Ecuador. But as a result of the love and forgiveness demonstrated by
the families of the martyred men, there is now a growing community of
believers among the Waodani.

As an adult, Steve moved back to Ecuador and became friends with
Mincaye, one of the men who killed his father. Steve’s motto is: “Let
God Write Your Story.” He says, “You have a lot of people . . . who
want to write their own story and have God be their editor when [it]
goes wrong. I decided long ago to let God write my story.” When Steve
suffered a serious accident in 2012, he reassured his family: “Let’s
let God write this chapter too.” His faith continues to carry him
toward recovery.

The story continues to unfold for all followers of Jesus Christ. None
of us knows how the next chapter of our life will read. But as we look
to Jesus and “run with endurance the race that is set before us,” we
can trust Him—the author and finisher of our faith (Heb. 12:1-2).
Jesus wrote the beginning of our story, and He’ll write the next
chapter and the ending as well.

By:  Cindy Hess Kasper

Reflect & Pray

When we stand with Christ in glory, Looking o’er life’s finished
story, Then, Lord, shall I fully know— Not till then—how much I owe.
—McCheyne

Let your life tell the story of Christ’s love and mercy to the world
around you.
