http://odb.org/2014/06/30/the-big-comeback/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Big Comeback

If we confess our sins, He is faithful and just to forgive us our sins
and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness. —
1 John 1:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 John 1

Chad Pennington is a former American football player who has suffered
multiple career-threatening injuries. Twice, his injuries forced him
to endure surgery, months of physical therapy, and weeks of training
to get back onto the field. Yet, both times he not only returned to
playing but he also excelled at such a high level that he was named
Comeback Player of the Year in the National Football League. For
Pennington, his efforts were an expression of his determination to
return to football.

Spiritually, when sin and failure break our relationship with God and
sideline our service, determination alone is not what restores us to
rightness with God and usefulness in His kingdom. When we are
sidelined because of sin, the path to a comeback is confession as
well. “If we confess our sins, He is faithful and just to forgive us
our sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness” (1 John 1:9).

For us to be able to recover from our spiritual failings, we are
absolutely dependent on the One who gave Himself for us. And that
gives us hope. Christ, who died for us, loves us with an everlasting
love and will respond with grace as we confess our faults to Him.
Through confession, we can find His gracious restoration—the greatest
of all comebacks.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Just as I am, without one plea, But that Thy blood was shed for me,
And that Thou bidd’st me come to Thee, O Lamb of God, I come, I come.
—Elliott

Confession is the path that leads to restoration.
