https://odb.org/2019/02/05/moves-of-the-heart/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Moves of the Heart

Whenever the cloud lifted from above the tent, the Israelites set out;
wherever the cloud settled, the Israelites encamped.
Numbers 9:17

Today's Scripture & Insight: Numbers 9:15–23

According to the US Census Bureau, Americans move from one address to
another an average of eleven to twelve times during the course of a
lifetime. In a recent year, 28 million people packed up, moved, and
unpacked under a new roof.

During Israel’s forty years in the wilderness, the cloud of God’s
presence led a whole family nation to make one move after another in
anticipation of a new homeland. The account is so repetitious, it
reads almost like a comedy. Over and over the huge family packed and
unpacked not only its own belongings but also the tent and furnishings
of the tabernacle, where the God of the cloud met with Moses (see
Exodus 25:22).

Many years later, Jesus would give fuller meaning to the story of
Israel’s moving days. Instead of leading from a cloud, He came in
person. When He said, “Follow me” (Matthew 4:19), He began showing
that the most important changes of address happen on roads of the
heart. By leading both friends and enemies to the foot of a Roman
cross, He showed how far the God of the cloud and tabernacle would go
to rescue us.

Like changes of address, such moves of the heart are unsettling. But
someday, from a window in our Father’s house, we’ll see that Jesus led
us all the way.

By:  Mart DeHaan

Reflect & Pray

In what ways does choosing to follow God unsettle you? How might
prayer help to strengthen your faith and trust in Him?

Lord, You know how much we don’t like to move. But we want to follow
You. Please help us to go wherever Your love leads today.
