http://odb.org/2012/06/28/in-praise-of-sovereignty/

In Praise Of Sovereignty

The Lord has established His throne in heaven, and His kingdom rules
over all. —
Psalm 103:19

Today's Scripture: Psalm 103:15-22

In James Fenimore Cooper’s book The Last of the Mohicans, we become
acquainted with a character named David Gamut. He is a devout
Christian who delights in setting the Psalms to music and singing them
no matter what circumstances life brings his way. Gamut believes that
God can be trusted in crisis as well as in good times. He lives a life
in praise of God’s sovereignty—His supreme power, authority, and
control over the world.

The Bible tells us about another David, a flesh-and-blood person who
was no stranger to unpredictable life circumstances and who loved to
respond to God in praise: King David of Israel. He saw the giant
Goliath fall by his sling, he was chased by the murderous King Saul,
and he watched the nation of Israel rally under his own leadership.
Yet in all these situations, David took time to write and sing psalms
of praise to his sovereign God. For example, he wrote, “The Lord has
established His throne in heaven, and His kingdom rules over all” (Ps.
103:19). David understood that in all circumstances we can worship and
thank God for His care and control.

What are you experiencing today? A time of blessing or of testing? In
any event, remember David’s example, and sing praises to God for His
rule in our lives.

By:  Dennis Fisher

Reflect & Pray

Lord, shape my life as only You can, Guiding each day by Your loving
plan; Take what You need and give what You will; My life is Yours to
use and to fill. —Branon

Praise the Lord! Praise Him according to His excellent greatness!
—Psalm 150:1-2
