https://odb.org/2019/11/02/the-safest-place/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Safest Place

God is our refuge and strength.
Psalm 46:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 46:1–11

As Hurricane Florence was bearing down on Wilmington, North Carolina,
with devastating force, my daughter prepared to leave her home. She’d
waited until the last moment, hoping the storm would veer away. But
now she was hurriedly sorting through important papers, pictures, and
belongings, trying to decide what to take with her. “I didn’t expect
it would be so hard to leave,” she told me later, “but in that moment
I didn’t know if anything would be there when I got back.”

Life’s storms come in many forms: hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes,
floods, unexpected problems in marriage or with children, the sudden
loss of health or finances. So much we value can be swept away in a
moment.

Amid the storms, Scripture points us to the safest place: “God is our
refuge and strength, an ever-present help in trouble. Therefore we
will not fear, though the earth give way” (Psalm 46:1–2).

The writers of this psalm were descendants of a man who generations
earlier served God but then rebelled against Him and perished in an
earthquake (see Numbers 26:9–11). The outlook they share shows
humility and a profound understanding of God’s greatness, compassion,
and redeeming love.

Troubles come, but God outlasts them all. Those who run to the Savior
discover that He can’t be shaken. In the arms of His eternal love we
find our place of peace.

By:  James Banks

Reflect & Pray

Amid life’s unpredictable storms, how does God give you peace? How do
you intend to run to Him today?

O God, the One who is greater than the storm, help me to place every
fear in Your hands today and to rest in Your unfailing love.
