http://odb.org/2015/08/17/baking-with-jess/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Baking with Jess

Do not labor for the food which perishes, but for the food which
endures to everlasting life.
John 6:27

Today's Scripture: John 6:22-34

One morning as Lilia prepared for work, her 4-year-old daughter Jess
set to work too. The family had purchased a conveyor toaster, and the
concept of cycling bread through the small countertop oven fascinated
Jess. Minutes later, Lilia discovered a loaf and a half of toast piled
on the counter. “I’m a very good baker!” Jess declared.

It’s no miracle that an inquisitive girl could turn bread into toast.
But when Jesus transformed a boy’s five loaves and two fish into a
meal for thousands, the crowd on the hillside recognized the
miraculous nature of the event and wanted to make Him king (see John
6:1-15).

Jesus’ kingdom, of course, is “not of this world” (John 18:36), and so
He slipped away. When the crowd found Him the next day, Christ
identified a flaw in their motives: “You seek Me, not because you saw
the signs, but because you ate of the loaves and were filled” (6:26).
They mistakenly thought “King” Jesus would give them full stomachs and
national freedom. But Jesus counseled them, “Do not labor for the food
which perishes, but for the food which endures to everlasting life”
(v. 27).

An earthbound view will cause us to treat Jesus as a means to an end.
He is, in fact, our Bread of Life.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Lord, our cares and worries can keep us from a genuine relationship
with You. May we see You as our very food and not only as our divine
problem-solver.

Seek first the kingdom of God, and all these things will be added to
you. Jesus
