https://odb.org/2018/12/25/winter-snow/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Winter Snow

He will not shout or cry out, or raise his voice in the streets. A
bruised reed he will not break.
Isaiah 42:2–3

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 42:1–4

In winter, I often wake to the beautiful surprise of a world blanketed
in the peace and quiet of an early morning snow. Not loudly like a
spring thunderstorm that announces its presence in the night, snow
comes softly.

In “Winter Snow Song,” Audrey Assad sings that Jesus could have come
to earth in power like a hurricane, but instead He came quietly and
slowly like the winter snow falling softly in the night outside my
window.

Jesus’s arrival took many by quiet surprise. Instead of being born in
a palace, He was born in an unlikely place, a humble dwelling outside
Bethlehem. And He slept in the only bed available, a manger (Luke
2:7). Instead of being attended by royalty and government officials,
Jesus was welcomed by lowly shepherds (vv. 15–16). Instead of having
wealth, Jesus’s parents could only afford the inexpensive sacrifice of
two birds when they presented Him at the temple (v. 24).

The unassuming way Jesus entered the world was foreshadowed by the
prophet Isaiah, who prophesied the coming Savior would “not shout or
cry out” (Isaiah 42:2) nor would He come in power that might break a
damaged reed or extinguish a struggling flame (v. 3). Instead He came
gently in order to draw us to Himself with His offer of peace with
God—a peace still available to anyone who believes the unexpected
story of a Savior born in a manger.

By:  Lisa M. Samra

Reflect & Pray

Lord Jesus, thank You for willingly giving up Your majesty and coming
to earth in order to offer peace.

How silently, how silently the wondrous gift is given! —O Little Town
of Bethlehem
