http://odb.org/2010/12/16/the-great-miracle/

The Great Miracle

He touched my mouth with it, and said: “Behold, this has touched your
lips; your iniquity is taken away, and your sin purged.” —
Isaiah 6:7

Today's Scripture: Isaiah 6:1-8

Leonard Ravenhill (1907–1994), a British evangelist, once said, “The
greatest miracle God can do today is take an unholy man out of an
unholy world, make that man holy, then put him back into that unholy
world and keep him holy in it.” This seems to be what God did to
Isaiah when He called him to speak to His people.

Around the time of the death of Uzziah, one of Judah’s more successful
kings, Isaiah had a vision of God. The prophet saw Him as the true
King of the universe, sitting on a lofty throne. In the vision, Isaiah
saw seraphim worshiping God with a hymn that praised His holiness,
majesty, and glory.

Isaiah’s vision of God led to a true vision of himself as unholy and
broken before God. “Woe is me, for I am undone!” Isaiah said (6:5).
This recognition of sin led him to a need for and the reception of
God’s cleansing grace (v.7). Newly cleansed, Isaiah was commissioned
to spread God’s message (v.9). The Lord sent Isaiah into an unholy
world, not only to live a holy life but also to tell an unholy people
about a holy God.

The Lord wants to show Himself to us, thus giving us a truer vision of
ourselves, a deeper need for His grace, and a greater commitment to
live and speak for Him. What a miracle!

By:  Marvin Williams

Reflect & Pray

Upon my life shed forth Thy grace, Till others seek Thy loving face;
Oh, may no thing be seen in me To cause a soul to stray from Thee!
—Roberts

Amid the darkness of sin, the light of God’s grace shines brightest.
