https://odb.org/2020/12/30/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

True Success

The Lord, the Lord, the compassionate and gracious God, slow to anger,
abounding in love and faithfulness.
Exodus 34:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: Exodus 34:1–7

My interview guest politely answered my questions. I had a feeling,
though, that something lurked beneath our interaction. A passing
comment brought it out.

“You’re inspiring thousands of people,” I said.

“Not thousands,” he muttered. “Millions.”

And as if pitying my ignorance, my guest reminded me of his
credentials—the titles he held, the things he’d achieved, the magazine
he’d graced. It was an awkward moment.

Ever since that experience, I’ve been struck by how God revealed
Himself to Moses on Mount Sinai (Exodus 34:5–7). Here was the Creator
of the cosmos and Judge of humanity, but God didn’t use His titles.
Here was the Maker of 100 billion galaxies, but such feats weren’t
mentioned either. Instead, God introduced Himself as “the
compassionate and gracious God, slow to anger, abounding in love and
faithfulness” (v. 6). When He reveals who He is, it isn’t His titles
or achievements He lists but the kind of character He has.

As people made in God’s image and called to follow His example
(Genesis 1:27; Ephesians 5:1–2), this is profound. Achievement is
good, titles have their place, but what really matters is how
compassionate, gracious, and loving we’re becoming.

Like that interview guest, we too can base our significance on our
achievements. I have. But our God has modeled what true success is—not
what’s written on our business cards and resumés, but how we’re
becoming like Him.

By:  Sheridan Voysey

Reflect & Pray

How tempted are you to base your significance on your accomplishments?
What aspect of God’s character needs to grow in you today?

Spirit of God, make me compassionate, gracious, patient, and loving!
