http://odb.org/2013/07/14/warning-sign/

Warning Sign

Beware, brethren, lest there be in any of you an evil heart of
unbelief in departing from the living God. —
Hebrews 3:12

Today's Scripture: Hebrews 3:1-13

On a sandy beach in Uruguay, giant concrete fingers partially
submerged in sand reach up toward the sky. It is called the Monument
to the Drowned. Locals just call it La Mano, “The Hand.” It was
created by Chilean artist Mario Irarrázabal as a warning to swimmers
about the danger of drowning. “The Hand” has become a tourist
attraction, but its real purpose remains to remind swimmers about the
perils of the sea.

The Word of God contains its own kind of warning signs. The book of
Hebrews especially provides cautions about perils to the soul.
“Beware, brethren, lest there be in any of you an evil heart of
unbelief in departing from the living God; but exhort one another
daily, while it is called ‘Today,’ lest any of you be hardened through
the deceitfulness of sin” (Heb. 3:12-13).

The context of the verse is a review of the unbelief and rebellion of
Israel in the wilderness. Though this happened centuries before the
book of Hebrews was written, the spiritual principle applies today. We
are to exhort one another to resist the hardening of our hearts that
comes with sin.

Warning signs are given to us for our safety. Praise God that He has
given us protective warnings in His Word because of His great love for
us.

By:  Dennis Fisher

Reflect & Pray

Lord, thank You for the warnings in Your Word that are intended to
protect and preserve my life. Help me to heed Your reproofs and
instruction that I may live a life that is pleasing to You.

God gives us loving warnings in His Word to protect and preserve us.
