https://odb.org/2018/09/06/muscling-through/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Muscling Through

Alarmed, Jehoshaphat resolved to inquire of the Lord, and he
proclaimed a fast for all Judah.
2 Chronicles 20:3

Today's Scripture: 2 Chronicles 20:2–3, 14–22

Competitive bodybuilders put themselves through a rigorous training
cycle. During the initial months, they emphasize gaining size and
strength. As the competition nears, the focus shifts to losing any fat
that hides the muscle. In the final days before the competition, they
consume less water than normal so their muscle tissue is easily
visible. Because of the reduced consumption of nourishment, the
competitors are actually at their weakest on the day of competition,
despite appearing strong.

In 2 Chronicles 20, we read of the opposite reality: acknowledging
weakness in order to experience God’s strength. “A vast army is coming
against you,” people told King Jehoshaphat. So “he proclaimed a fast
for all Judah” (v. 3), depriving himself and all his people of
nourishment. Then they asked God for help. When he finally mustered
his military, Jehoshaphat placed singers who praised God at the front
of his army (v. 21). As they began to sing, the Lord “set ambushes
against the men . . . who were invading Judah, and they were defeated”
(v. 22).

Jehoshaphat’s decision demonstrated deep faith in God. He purposefully
chose not to depend on his own human and military prowess but instead
to lean on God. Rather than trying to muscle our way through the
trials we face, may we turn to Him and allow Him to be our strength.

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

Read The Strength of Weakness at discoveryseries.org/hp144.

We must recognize our weakness to experience God’s strength.
