https://odb.org/2020/09/14/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Goodbyes and Hellos

God himself will be with them and be their God. “He will wipe every
tear from their eyes.”
Revelation 21:3–4

Today's Scripture & Insight: Revelation 21:1–5

When my brother David suddenly died of cardiac failure, my
perspectives on life changed dramatically. Dave was the fourth of
seven children, but he was the first of us to pass—and the unexpected
nature of that passing gave me much to ponder. It became apparent that
as age began to catch up with us, our family’s future was going to be
marked more by loss than by gain. It was going to be characterized as
much by goodbyes as hellos.

None of this was a surprise intellectually—that is just how life
works. But this realization was an emotional lightning bolt to the
brain. It gave a fresh, new significance to every moment life gives us
and every opportunity time allows. And it placed a huge new value on
the reality of a future reunion, where no goodbyes will ever be
needed.

This ultimate reality is at the heart of what we find in Revelation
21:3–4: “God himself will be with them and be their God. ‘He will wipe
every tear from their eyes. There will be no more death’ or mourning
or crying or pain, for the old order of things has passed away.”

Though today we may find ourselves experiencing seasons of long
goodbyes, our trust in Christ’s death and resurrection promises an
eternity of hellos.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

How do you cope with grief and the loss of loved ones? What comfort
does it bring to know that you will one day see them again?

Father, I thank You that You’re the living God who gives everlasting
life. I pray that You would use our eternal hope to comfort us in our
seasons of loss and grief.
