https://odb.org/2020/01/08/a-hundred-years-from-now/?utm_source=feedbu
rner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Brea
d%29

A Hundred Years from Now

I know that my redeemer lives, and that in the end he will stand on
the earth.
Job 19:25

Today's Scripture & Insight: Job 19:21–27

“I just want people to remember me a hundred years from now,” said
screenwriter Rod Serling in 1975. Creator of the TV series The
Twilight Zone, Serling wanted people to say of him, “He was a writer.”
Most of us can identify with Serling’s desire to leave a
legacy—something to give our lives a sense of meaning and permanence.

The story of Job shows us a man struggling with meaning amid life’s
fleeting days. In a moment, not just his possessions but those most
precious to him, his children, were taken. Then his friends accused
him of deserving this fate. Job cried out: “Oh, that my words were
recorded, that they were written on a scroll, that they were inscribed
with an iron tool on lead, or engraved in rock forever!” (Job
19:23–24).

Job’s words have been “engraved in rock forever.” We have them in the
Bible. Yet Job needed even more meaning in his life than the legacy
he’d leave behind. He discovered it in the character of God. “I know
that my redeemer lives,” Job declared, “and that in the end he will
stand on the earth” (19:25). This knowledge gave him the right
longing. “I myself will see him,” Job said. “How my heart yearns
within me!” (v. 27).

In the end, Job didn’t find what he expected. He found much more—the
Source of all meaning and permanence (42:1–6).

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Why do you think Job wanted his words preserved forever? How do you
want people to remember you one hundred years from now?

God, everything is fleeting except for You. We praise You for Your
unshakable character. Show us what is truly important.
