https://odb.org/2018/05/01/waiting-in-anticipation/?utm_source=feedbur
ner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread
%29

Waiting in Anticipation

I wait for the Lord more than watchmen wait for the morning, more than
watchmen wait for the morning.
Psalm 130:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 130:1–6

Every May Day (May 1) in Oxford, England, an early morning crowd
gathers to welcome spring. At 6:00, the Magdalen College Choir sings
from the top of Magdalen Tower. Thousands wait in anticipation for the
dark night to be broken by song and the ringing of bells.

Like the revelers, I often wait. I wait for answers to prayers or
guidance from the Lord. Although I don’t know the exact time my wait
will end, I’m learning to wait expectantly. In Psalm 130 the psalmist
writes of being in deep distress facing a situation that feels like
the blackest of nights. In the midst of his troubles, he chooses to
trust God and stay alert like a guard on duty charged with announcing
daybreak. “I wait for the Lord more than watchmen wait for the
morning, more than watchmen wait for the morning” (v. 6).

The anticipation of God’s faithfulness breaking through the darkness
gives the psalmist hope to endure even in the midst of his suffering.
Based on the promises of God found throughout Scripture, that hope
allows him to keep waiting even though he has not yet seen the first
rays of light.

Be encouraged if you are in the middle of a dark night. The dawn is
coming—either in this life or in heaven! In the meantime, don’t give
up hope but keep watching for the deliverance of the Lord. He will be
faithful.

By:  Lisa M. Samra

Reflect & Pray

Please bring light to my darkness. Open my eyes to see You at work and
to trust You. I’m grateful that You are faithful, Father.

God can be trusted in the light and in the dark.
