http://odb.org/2014/02/28/big-spring/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium
=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Big Spring

The water that I shall give him will become in him a fountain of water
springing up into everlasting life. —
John 4:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 4:7-14

In Michigan’s Upper Peninsula is a remarkable natural wonder—a pool
about 40 feet deep and 300 feet across that Native Americans called
“Kitch-iti-kipi,” or “the big cold water.” Today it is known as The
Big Spring. It is fed by underground springs that push more than
10,000 gallons of water a minute through the rocks below and up to the
surface. Additionally, the water keeps a constant temperature of 45
degrees Fahrenheit, meaning that even in the brutally cold winters of
the Upper Peninsula the pool never freezes. Tourists can enjoy viewing
the waters of Big Spring during any season of the year.

When Jesus encountered a woman at Jacob’s well, He talked to her about
another source of water that would always satisfy. But He did not
speak of a fountain, spring, river, or lake. He said, “Whoever drinks
of the water that I shall give him will never thirst. But the water
that I shall give him will become in him a fountain of water springing
up into everlasting life” (John 4:14).

Far greater than any natural spring is the refreshment we have been
offered in Christ Himself. We can be satisfied, for Jesus alone, the
Water of Life, can quench our thirst. Praise God, for Jesus is the
source that never runs dry.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Father, it seems that I drink far too often from the waters of the
world that cannot satisfy. Forgive me, and teach me to find in Christ
the water that can quench the thirst of my heart and draw me ever
closer to You.

The only real thirst-quencher is Jesus— the living water.
