https://odb.org/2020/06/27/love-passed-down/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Love Passed Down

I am reminded of your sincere faith, which first lived in your
grandmother Lois and in your mother Eunice and . . . now lives in you.
2 Timothy 1:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Timothy 1:1–8, 13–14

My daughter has become fascinated with Nancy Drew. In the last three
weeks, she’s read at least a dozen of the novels featuring the girl
sleuth. She comes by her love of detective stories honestly: I loved
Nancy Drew too, and the blue-bound copies that my mom read in the
1960s still line a shelf in her house.

Seeing this affection passed down makes me wonder what else I’m
passing down. In his second letter to Timothy, Paul wrote that when he
thought of Timothy, he was reminded of the “sincere faith” that lived
in Timothy’s grandmother and mother. I hope that along with her love
of mysteries, my daughter is also inheriting faith—that she will
“serve” as her grandparents have, that she will pray, and that she
will hold on “to the promise of life that is in Christ Jesus” (2
Timothy 1:1).

I also see hope here for those who don’t have parents or grandparents
who know Jesus. Though Timothy’s father isn’t mentioned, Paul calls
Timothy his “dear son” (v. 2). Those who don’t have families to pass
down faith can still find parents and grandparents in the
church—people who will help us figure out how to live a “holy life”
(v. 9), and to embrace the gifts God has given us of “power, love and
self-discipline” (v. 7). Truly, we all have a beautiful inheritance.

By:  Amy Peterson

Reflect & Pray

What are some things you’ve learned from fathers or mothers in the
faith? How are you working to pass down a legacy of faith to your
children or those in your church?

Heavenly Father, thank You for saving me by grace through faith in
Jesus. Help me to pass down to the next generation the gifts I’ve
received and the truth of the gospel.
