http://odb.org/2016/09/07/she-did-what-she-could/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

She Did What She Could

She did what she could.
Mark 14:8

Today's Scripture & Insight: Mark 14:3–9

When her friends say thoughtless or outrageous things on social media,
Charlotte chimes in with gentle but firm dissent. She respects the
dignity of everyone, and her words are unfailingly positive.

A few years ago she became Facebook friends with a man who harbored
anger toward Christians. He appreciated Charlotte’s rare honesty and
grace. Over time his hostility melted. Then Charlotte suffered a bad
fall. Now housebound, she fretted over what she could do. About that
time her Facebook friend died and then this message arrived from his
sister: “[Because of your witness] I know he’s now experiencing God’s
complete and abiding love for him.”

During the week in which Christ would be killed, Mary of Bethany
anointed Him with expensive perfume (John 12:3; Mark 14:3). Some of
those present were appalled, but Jesus applauded her. “She has done a
beautiful thing to me,” He said. “She did what she could. She poured
perfume on my body beforehand to prepare for my burial” (Mark 14:6–8).

“She did what she could.” Christ’s words take the pressure off. Our
world is full of broken, hurting people. But we don’t have to worry
about what we can’t do. Charlotte did what she could. So can we. The
rest is in His capable hands.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Lord, help us not to define our self-worth by what we do for You, but
by what You have done for us. Show us how we can show Your love to
others. For further study, read Being Jesus Online at
discoveryseries.org/q0737.

Do thy duty, that is best; leave unto the Lord the rest. Henry
Wadsworth Longfellow
