https://odb.org/2020/04/14/healing-words/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Healing Words

Gracious words are a honeycomb, sweet to the soul and healing to the
bones.
Proverbs 16:24

Today's Scripture & Insight: Proverbs 16:20–24

A recent study has shown that encouraging words from a health-care
provider can help patients recuperate faster from their ailments. A
simple experiment exposed volunteer study participants to a skin
allergen to make them itch and then compared the reactions between
those who received assurance from their physician and those who
didn’t. Patients who received encouragement from their doctors had
less discomfort and itching than their counterparts.

The writer of Proverbs knew how important encouraging words are.
“Gracious words” bring “healing to the bones,” he wrote (Proverbs
16:24). The positive effect of words isn’t limited to our health: when
we heed the wisdom of instruction, we’re also more likely to prosper
in our efforts (v. 20). So too encouragement buoys us for the
challenges we face now and may encounter in the future.

We may not yet fully understand why or even how much wisdom and
encouragement bring strength and healing to our daily lives. Yet the
cheers and guidance of our parents, coaches, and colleagues seem to
help us endure difficulty and steer us toward success. Similarly, the
Bible brings us encouragement when we face trials, equipping us to
bear up under even the most unthinkable circumstances. Help us, God,
to be strengthened by Your wisdom and to, in turn, offer the healing
and hope of “gracious words” to those You’ve placed in our lives.

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

Who has spoken “gracious words” into your life? Why is it vital for
you to share words of encouragement with others?

Dear Father, thank You for Your words of healing and hope.
