https://odb.org/2019/01/27/righteous-among-the-nations/?utm_source=fee
dburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+B
read%29

Righteous Among the Nations

For such a time as this.
Esther 4:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: Esther 4:5–14

At Yad Vashem, the Holocaust museum in Israel, my husband and I went
to the Righteous Among the Nations garden that honors the men and
women who risked their lives to save Jewish people during the
Holocaust. While looking at the memorial, we met a group from the
Netherlands. One woman was there to see her grandparents’ names listed
on the large plaques. Intrigued, we asked about her family’s story.

Members of a resistance network, the woman’s grandparents Rev. Pieter
and Adriana Müller took in a two-year-old Jewish boy and passed him
off as the youngest of their eight children from 1943–1945.

Moved by the story, we asked, “Did the little boy survive?” An older
gentleman in the group stepped forward and proclaimed, “I am that
boy!”

The bravery of many to act on behalf of the Jewish people reminds me
of Queen Esther. The queen may have thought she could escape King
Xerxes’s decree to annihilate the Jews around 475 bc because she had
concealed her ethnicity. However, she was convinced to act—even under
the threat of death—when her cousin begged her to not remain silent
about her Jewish heritage because she had been placed in her position
“for such a time as this” (Esther 4:14).

We may never be asked to make such a dramatic decision. However, we
will likely face the choice to speak out against an injustice or
remain silent; to provide assistance to someone in trouble or turn
away. May God grant us courage.

By:  Lisa M. Samra

Reflect & Pray

Are there those you need to speak up for? Ask God about the timing.

Father, thank You for Your heart for those who are oppressed and
vulnerable. Help us to be sensitive to Your guidance to know when to
act.
