https://odb.org/2017/10/29/trust-tally/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Trust Tally

See, the Lord your God has given you the land. . . . Do not be afraid;
do not be discouraged.
Deuteronomy 1:21

Today's Scripture: Deuteronomy 1:21–33

Before my husband and I surrendered our lives to Christ, we seriously
considered divorce. But after committing to love and obey God, we
recommitted to each other. We sought wise counsel and invited the Holy
Spirit to transform us individually and as a couple. Our heavenly
Father continues to help us develop healthy communication skills. He’s
teaching us how to love and trust Him—and one another—no matter what
happens.

Yet, even as we head toward celebrating our twenty-fifth anniversary,
I occasionally forget everything God has done in and through our
trials. Sometimes, I struggle with a deep-seated fear of the
unknown—experiencing unnecessary anxiety instead of relying on God’s
track record.

In Deuteronomy 1, Moses affirmed the Lord’s reliability. He encouraged
the Israelites to move forward in faith so they could enjoy their
inheritance (v. 21). But God’s people demanded details about what
they’d be up against and what they’d receive before committing to
trust Him with their future (vv. 22–33).

Followers of Christ are not immune to succumbing to fear or anxiety.
Worrying about what difficulties we may or may not encounter can keep
us from depending on faith, and may even damage our relationships with
God and others. But the Holy Spirit can help us create a trust tally
of the Lord’s past faithfulness. He can empower us with courageous
confidence in God’s trustworthiness yesterday, today, and forever.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

Lord, thank You for affirming that we don’t need to know everything
that lies ahead when we know You. We know You never change.

God’s past faithfulness proves His everlasting dependability.
