https://odb.org/2020/07/17/light-in-the-dark/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Light in the Dark

You, Lord, keep my lamp burning; my God turns my darkness into light.
Psalm 18:28

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 18:28–36, 46–49

A severe thunderstorm passed through our new town, leaving high
humidity and dark skies in its wake. I took our dog, Callie, for an
evening stroll. The mounting challenges of my family’s cross-country
move grew heavier on my mind. Frustrated by the countless ways things
had strayed so far from our high hopes and expectations, I slowed to
let Callie sniff the grass. I listened to the creek that runs beside
our house. Tiny lights flashed on and off while hovering over the
patches of wildflowers climbing up the creek’s bank. Fireflies.

The Lord wrapped me in peace as I watched the blinking lights cutting
through the darkness. I thought of the psalmist David singing, “You,
Lord , keep my lamp burning” (Psalm 18:28). Proclaiming that God turns
his darkness into light, David demonstrated confident faith in the
Lord’s provision and protection (vv. 29–30). With God’s strength, he
could handle anything that came his way (vv. 32–35). Trusting the
living Lord to be with him through all circumstances, David promised
to praise Him among the nations and sing the praises of His name (vv.
36–49).

Whether we’re enduring the unpredictable storms in life or enjoying
the stillness after the rains have passed, the peace of God’s constant
presence lights our way through the darkness. Our living God will
always be our strength, our refuge, our sustainer, and our deliverer.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

What verses help you trust God’s constant presence? How can relying on
God’s sovereign goodness help you walk through storms with confident
faith?

Father, please help me trust Your goodness and love even when I
sometimes can’t see You in the dark circumstances in life.
