https://odb.org/2017/04/13/forsaken-for-our-sake/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

Forsaken for Our Sake

God has said, “Never will I leave you; never will I forsake you.”
Hebrews 13:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 26:36–46

Does having a friend nearby make pain more bearable? Researchers at
the University of Virginia conducted a fascinating study to answer
that question. They wanted to see how the brain reacted to the
prospect of pain, and whether it behaved differently if a person faced
the threat of pain alone, holding a stranger’s hand, or holding the
hand of a close friend.

Researchers ran the test on dozens of pairs, and found consistent
results. When a person was alone or holding a stranger’s hand while
anticipating a shock, the regions of the brain that process danger lit
up. But when holding the hand of a trusted person, the brain relaxed.
The comfort of a friend’s presence made the pain seem more bearable.

Jesus needed comfort as He prayed in the Garden of Gethsemane. He knew
what He was about to face: betrayal, arrest, and death. He asked His
closest friends to stay and pray with Him, telling them that His soul
was “overwhelmed with sorrow” (Matt. 26:38). But Peter, James, and
John kept falling asleep.

Jesus faced the agony of the garden without the comfort of a hand to
hold. But because He bore that pain, we can be confident that God will
never leave or forsake us (Heb. 13:5). Jesus suffered so that we will
never have to experience separation from the love of God (Rom. 8:39).
His companionship makes anything we endure more bearable.

By:  Amy Peterson

Reflect & Pray

Jesus, thank You for bearing the pain and isolation of the Garden of
Gethsemane and the cross for us. Thank You for giving us a way to live
in communion with the Father.

Because of God’s love, we are never truly alone.
