http://odb.org/2015/12/09/just-the-ticket/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Just the Ticket

In him we have . . . the forgiveness of sins, in accordance with the
riches of God’s grace.
Ephesians 1:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ephesians 1:1-10

When a police officer stopped a woman because her young daughter was
riding in a car without the required booster seat, he could have
written her a ticket for a traffic violation. Instead, he asked the
mother and daughter to meet him at a nearby store where he personally
paid for the needed car seat. The mother was going through a difficult
time and could not afford to buy a seat.

Although the woman should have received a fine for her misdemeanor,
she walked away with a gift instead. Anyone who knows Christ has
experienced something similar. All of us deserve a penalty for
breaking God’s laws (Eccl. 7:20). Yet, because of Jesus, we experience
undeserved favor from God. This favor excuses us from the ultimate
consequence for our sin, which is death and eternal separation from
God (Rom. 6:23). “In [Jesus] we have . . . the forgiveness of sins, in
accordance with the riches of God’s grace” (Eph. 1:7).

Some refer to grace as “love in action.” When the young mother
experienced this, she later remarked, “I will be forever grateful! . .
. And as soon as I can afford it I will be paying it forward.” This
grateful and big-hearted response to the officer’s gift is an
inspiring example for those of us who have received the gift of God’s
grace!

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

Dear Father, thank You for giving us what we don’t deserve. You have
forgiven my sins and provided a way for me to be reconciled to You
through the gift of Your Son. Help me to always be grateful for Your
grace.

God’s gift is grace.
