http://odb.org/2016/09/14/beyond-time/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_mediu
m=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Beyond Time

“Lord, to whom shall we go? You have the words of eternal life. We
have come to believe and to know that you are the Holy One of God.”
John 6:68–69

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 6:53–69

During 2016, theater companies in Britain and around the world have
staged special productions to mark the 400th anniversary of the death
of William Shakespeare. Concerts, lectures, and festivals have drawn
crowds who celebrate the enduring work of the man widely considered to
be the greatest playwright in the English language. Ben Jonson, one of
Shakespeare’s contemporaries, wrote of him, “He was not of an age, but
for all time.”

While the influence of some artists, writers, and thinkers may last
for centuries, Jesus Christ is the only person whose life and work
will endure beyond time. He claimed to be “the bread that came down
from heaven . . . whoever feeds on this bread will live forever” (v.
58).

When many people who heard Jesus’s teaching were offended by His words
and stopped following Him (John 6:61–66), the Lord asked His disciples
if they also wanted to leave (v. 67). Peter replied, “Lord, to whom
shall we go? You have the words of eternal life. We have come to
believe and to know that you are the Holy One of God” (vv. 68–69).

When we invite Jesus to come into our lives as our Lord and Savior, we
join His first disciples and all those who have followed Him in a new
life that will last forever—beyond time.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Lord Jesus, thank You for the gift of eternal life in fellowship with
You today and forever.

Jesus is the Son of God, the Man beyond time, who gives us eternal
life.
