https://odb.org/2019/03/21/handmade-for-you/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Hand Made for You

We are God’s handiwork, created in Christ Jesus to do good works,
which God prepared in advance for us to do.
Ephesians 2:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ephesians 2:4–10

My grandmother was a talented seamstress who won contests in her
native Texas. Throughout my life, she celebrated hallmark occasions
with a hand-sewn gift. A burgundy mohair sweater for my high school
graduation. A turquoise quilt for my marriage. I’d fold over a corner
of each custom-crafted item to discover her signature tag reading,
“Hand made for you by Munna.” With every embroidered word, I sensed my
grandmother’s love for me and received a powerful statement of her
faith in my future.

Paul wrote to the Ephesians of their purpose in this world, describing
them as “God’s handiwork, created in Christ Jesus to do good works”
(2:10). Here “handiwork” denotes a work of art or a masterpiece. Paul
goes on to describe that God’s handiwork in creating us would result
in our handiwork of creating good works—or expressions of our restored
relationship with Jesus—for His glory in our world. We can never be
saved by our own good works, but when God hand makes us for His
purposes, He can use us to bring others toward His great love.

With her head bowed over her needle, my Munna hand made items to
communicate her love for me and her passion that I discover my purpose
on this planet. And with His fingers shaping the details of our days,
God stitches His love and purposes in our hearts that we might
experience Him for ourselves and demonstrate His handiwork to others.

By:  Elisa Morgan

Reflect & Pray

What has God created you to do? Who can you show His love to today?

Dear Father, thank You for hand making me; help me to show You to my
world.
