https://odb.org/2020/06/17/dancing-before-the-lord/?utm_source=feedbur
ner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread
%29

Dancing Before the Lord

Some of those present were saying indignantly to one another, “Why
this waste of perfume?”
Mark 14:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: Mark 14:1–9

A number of years ago, my wife and I visited a small church where
during the worship service a woman began to dance in the aisle. She
was soon joined by others. Carolyn and I looked at each other and an
unspoken agreement passed between us: “Not me!” We come from church
traditions that favor a serious liturgy, and this other form of
worship was well beyond our comfort zone.

But if Mark’s story of Mary’s “waste” means anything at all, it
suggests that our love for Jesus may express itself in ways that
others find uncomfortable (Mark 14:1–9). A year’s wages were involved
in Mary’s anointing. It was an “unwise” act that invited the
disciples’ scorn. The word Mark uses to describe their reaction means
“to snort” and suggests disdain and mockery. Mary may have cringed,
fearing Jesus’ response. But He commended her for her act of devotion
and defended her against His own disciples, for Jesus saw the love
that prompted her action despite what some would consider the
impractical nature of it. He said, “Why are you bothering her? She has
done a beautiful thing to me” (v. 6).

Different forms of worship—informal, formal, quiet,
exuberant—represent a sincere outpouring of love for Jesus. He’s
worthy of all worship that comes from a heart of love.

By:  David H. Roper

Reflect & Pray

Why do you think we’re critical of unfamiliar forms of worship? How
can we change our thoughts about a form of worship that’s outside our
comfort zone?

I bow before You, Almighty God, and worship You now. You’re worthy of
the highest praise and adoration.
