http://odb.org/2012/02/27/not-my-kind/

Not My Kind

There is neither Jew nor Greek, there is neither slave nor free, there
is neither male nor female; for you are all one in Christ Jesus. —
Galatians 3:28

Today's Scripture: Galatians 3:19-29

In the Star Wars trilogy there’s a scene that reminds me of some
church people I know. At an establishment somewhere in a remote corner
of the galaxy, grotesque-looking creatures socialize over food and
music. When Luke Skywalker enters with his two droids, C3PO and R2D2
(who are more “normal” than anyone else there), he is surprisingly
turned away with a curt rebuff: “We don’t serve their kind here!”

That strange scene captures the malady that we all struggle with in
our relationships here on planet Earth. We are always more comfortable
with people who are just like us. But think of where you would be if
Jesus had felt that way. He was divine, perfect in every way, which
makes Him far different from us. Yet He came to dwell among us and to
die for us.

Those of us who follow Christ shouldn’t have “they’re not my kind” in
our vocabulary. As Paul reminds us, in Him “there is neither Jew nor
Greek, . . . slave nor free, . . . male nor female; for you are all
one in Christ Jesus” (Gal. 3:28). So, whether others are different in
attitude, perspective, race, class, political slant, or social
standing, it should make no difference to those of us who call
ourselves by Jesus’ name.

Find someone who is not your kind and share Jesus’ love with them
today!

By:  Joe Stowell

Reflect & Pray

I pray, O Lord, reveal to me If I have caused disunity, For You would
have Your children one In praise and love for Your dear Son. —Branon

Love your neighbor— even if they aren’t your kind!
