https://odb.org/2020/08/23/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

No Fishing Allowed

[God will] hurl all our iniquities into the depths of the sea.
Micah 7:19

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 130

Holocaust survivor Corrie ten Boom knew the importance of forgiveness.
In her book Tramp for the Lord, she says her favorite mental picture
was of forgiven sins thrown into the sea. “When we confess our sins,
God casts them into the deepest ocean, gone forever. . . . I believe
God then places a sign out there that says No Fishing Allowed.”

She points to an important truth that believers in Jesus can sometimes
fail to grasp—when God forgives our wrongdoing, we’re forgiven fully!
We don’t have to keep dredging up our shameful deeds, wallowing in any
mucky feelings. Rather we can accept His grace and forgiveness,
following Him in freedom.

We see this idea of “no fishing allowed” in Psalm 130. The psalmist
proclaims that although God is just, He forgives the sin of those who
repent: “But with you there is forgiveness” (v. 4). As the psalmist
waits for God, putting his trust in Him (v. 5), he states in faith
that He “himself will redeem Israel from all their sins” (v. 8). Those
who believe will find “full redemption” (v. 7).

When we’re caught in feelings of shame and unworthiness, we can’t
serve God with our whole hearts. Instead, we’re restricted by our
past. If you feel stymied by the wrong you’ve done, ask God to help
you fully believe in His gift of forgiveness and new life. He’s cast
your sins into the ocean!

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

Are you holding on to the false belief that God can’t possibly forgive
you for some sin in your life? God wants you to allow His forgiveness
to set you free!

Forgiving God, You sent Your Son Jesus to save me from my sins and
shame. Help me to live in the freedom of being fully forgiven.
