http://odb.org/2015/03/23/son-reflector/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Son Reflector

This man came for a witness, to bear witness of the Light. —
John 1:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 1:1-9

The cozy little village of Rjukan, Norway, is a delightful place to
live—except during the dark days of winter. Located in a valley at the
foot of the towering Gaustatoppen Mountain, the town receives no
direct sunlight for nearly half of the year. Residents had long
considered the idea of placing mirrors at the top of the mountain to
reflect the sun. But the concept was not feasible until recently. In
2005, a local artist began “The Mirror Project” to bring together
people who could turn the idea into reality. Eight years later, in
October 2013, the mirrors went into action. Residents crowded into the
town square to soak up the reflected sunlight.

In a spiritual sense, much of the world is like the village of
Rjukan—mountains of troubles keep the light of Jesus from getting
through. But God strategically places His children to act as
reflectors. One such person was John the Baptist, who came “to bear
witness of the Light”—Jesus—who gives light “to those who sit in
darkness and the shadow of death” (John 1:7; Luke 1:79).

Just as sunlight is essential for emotional and physical health, so
exposure to the light of Jesus is essential for spiritual health.
Thankfully, every believer is in a position to reflect His light into
the world’s dark places.

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

Dear Father, help me to reflect Your light into the world around me
today. May all that I say and do bear witness of Your light and truth.
May others see how wonderful You are.

A world in darkness needs the light of Jesus.
