https://odb.org/2020/10/27/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Choosing Hope

But as for me, I watch in hope for the Lord.
Micah 7:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: Micah 7:2–7

I am one of millions of people worldwide who suffer from SAD (seasonal
affective disorder), a type of depression common in places with
limited sunlight due to short winter days. When I begin to fear
winter’s frozen curse will never end, I’m eager for any evidence that
longer days and warmer temperatures are coming.

The first signs of spring—flowers successfully braving their way
through the lingering snow—also powerfully remind me of the way God’s
hope can break through even our darkest seasons. The prophet Micah
confessed this even while enduring a heart-rending “winter” as the
Israelites turned away from God. As Micah assessed the bleak
situation, he lamented that “not one upright person” seemed to remain
(Micah 7:2).

Yet, even though the situation appeared dire, the prophet refused to
give up hope. He trusted that God was at work (v. 7)—even if, amid the
devastation, he couldn’t yet see the evidence.

In our dark and sometimes seemingly endless “winters,” when spring
doesn’t appear to be breaking through, we face the same struggle as
Micah. Will we give into despair? Or will we “watch in hope for the L
ord ”? (v. 7).

Our hope in God is never wasted (Romans 5:5). He’s bringing a time
with no more “winter”: a time with no more mourning or pain
(Revelation 21:4). Until then, may we rest in Him, confessing, “My
hope is in you” (Psalm 39:7).

By:  Lisa M. Samra

Reflect & Pray

Where do you find hope in dark times? In what “winter” season has God
given you the hope you needed?

Heavenly Father, during difficult seasons of life, it’s easy for me to
be discouraged; in those hard times, help me place my hope in You. And
in every season of my life, help me share with others the peace found
in life with You.
