https://odb.org/2018/04/17/in-the-storm-2/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Learning to Know God

But he said to them, “It is I; don’t be afraid.”
John 6:20

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 6:16–21

For as long as I can remember, I’ve wanted to be a mother. I dreamed
about getting married, getting pregnant, and holding my baby in my
arms for the first time. When I finally got married, my husband and I
never even considered waiting to expand our family. But with each
negative pregnancy test, we realized we were struggling with
infertility. Months of doctors’ visits, tests, and tears followed. We
were in the middle of a storm. Infertility was a bitter pill to
swallow and left me wondering about God’s goodness and faithfulness.

When I reflect on our journey, I think about the story of the
disciples caught in the storm on the sea in John 6. As they struggled
against the waves in the dark of the storm, Jesus unexpectedly came to
them walking on the stormy waves. He calmed them with His presence,
saying, “It is I; don’t be afraid” (v. 20).

Like the disciples, my husband and I had no idea what was coming in
our storm; but we found comfort as we learned to know God more deeply
as the One who is always faithful and true. Although we would not have
the child we had dreamed of, we learned that in all our struggles we
can experience the power of His calming presence. Because He is there
powerfully working in our lives, we need not be anxious.

By:  Karen Wolfe

Reflect & Pray

Dear Lord, thank You that I do not have to face the storms in this
life without You. Thank You for Your calming presence and power
carrying me through whatever I face. Read more about waiting on God at
discoveryseries.org/q0736.

We can experience God’s powerful presence even in the storms of our
lives.
