https://odb.org/2021/01/29/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Out of Breath

Six days you shall labor and do all your work, but the seventh day is
a sabbath to the Lord your God.
Deuteronomy 5:13–14

Today's Scripture & Insight: Deuteronomy 5:12–15

There’s a home-improvement store near me that has a big green button
in one of its departments. If no assistant is present, you push the
button, which starts a timer. If you’re not served within a minute,
you get a discount on your purchase.

We like being the customer in this scenario who enjoys the speedy
service. But the demand for fast service often takes a toll when we’re
the one expected to deliver it. So many of us today feel rushed doing
our jobs, working long hours, checking email multiple times a day, and
feeling pressured to meet tighter and tighter deadlines. The customer
service tactics of the home-improvement store have seeped into all our
lives, creating a culture of rush.

When God told the Israelites to keep a Sabbath, He added an important
reason: “Remember that you were slaves in Egypt” (Deuteronomy 5:15).
There they’d been forced to work ceaselessly under Pharaoh’s excessive
time constraints (Exodus 5:6–9). Now freed, they were to give
themselves a whole day each week to ensure they and those who served
them could rest (Deuteronomy 5:14). Under God’s rule, there were to be
no flush-faced, out-of-breath people.

How often do you work to the point of exhaustion or get impatient with
people who keep you waiting? Let’s give ourselves and each other a
break. A culture of rush is Pharaoh’s doing, not God’s.

By:  Sheridan Voysey

Reflect & Pray

How can you resist the urge to overwork? How will you be patient this
week with people who keep you waiting?

God of the Sabbath, thank You for commanding me to rest so I can be
whole.
