https://odb.org/2018/08/28/learning-to-trust-3/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Learning to Trust

Every good and perfect gift is from above, coming down from the Father
of the heavenly lights, who does not change like shifting shadows.
James 1:17

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 6:25–34

When I was a teenager I sometimes challenged my mother when she tried
to encourage me to have faith. “Trust God. He will take care of you,”
she would tell me. “It’s not that simple, Mom!” I would bark back.
“God helps those who help themselves!”

But those words, “God helps those who help themselves” are nowhere to
be found in Scripture. Instead, God’s Word teaches us to depend on Him
for our daily needs. Jesus tells us, “Look at the birds of the air;
they do not sow or reap or store away in barns, and yet your heavenly
Father feeds them. Are you not much more valuable than they? Can any
one of you by worrying add a single hour to your life?” (Matthew
6:26–27).

Everything we enjoy—even the strength to earn a living and “help
ourselves”—are gifts from a heavenly Father who loves us and values us
beyond our ability to fathom.

As Mom neared the end of her life, Alzheimer’s disease robbed her of
her creative mind and memories, but her trust in God remained. She
lived in our home for a season, where I was given a “front-row seat”
to observe God’s provision for her needs in unexpected ways—ways that
helped me see she had been right all along. Instead of worrying, she
entrusted herself to the One who promised to take care of her. And He
showed Himself faithful.

By:  James Banks

Reflect & Pray

Loving Lord, please help me to trust You to take care of me today,
tomorrow, and forever!

Don’t worry about tomorrow—God is already there.
