https://odb.org/2019/07/09/no-more-running/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

No More Running

In my distress I called to the Lord, and he answered me. From deep in
the realm of the dead I called for help, and you listened to my cry.
Jonah 2:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: Jonah 2:1–10

On July 18, 1983, a US Air Force captain disappeared from Albuquerque,
New Mexico, without a trace. Thirty-five years later, authorities
found him in California. The New York Times reports that, “depressed
about his job,” he’d simply run away.

Thirty-five years on the run! Half a lifetime spent looking over his
shoulder! I have to imagine that anxiety and paranoia were this man’s
constant companions.

But I have to admit, I also know a bit about being “on the run.” No,
I’ve never abruptly fled something in my life . . . physically. But at
times I know there’s something God wants me to do, something I need to
face or confess. I don’t want to do it. And so, in my own way, I run
too.

The prophet Jonah is infamous for literally running from God’s
assignment to preach to the city of Nineveh (see Jonah 1:1–3). But, of
course, he couldn’t outrun God. You’ve probably heard what happened
(vv. 4,17): A storm. A fish. A swallowing. And, in the belly of the
beast, a reckoning, in which Jonah faced what he’d done and cried to
God for help (2:2).

Jonah wasn’t a perfect prophet. But I take comfort in his remarkable
story, because, even despite Jonah’s stubbornness, God never let go of
him. The Lord still answered the man’s desperate prayer, graciously
restoring His reluctant servant (v. 2)—just as He does with us.

By:  Adam R. Holz

Reflect & Pray

What, if anything, have you tried to run away from in your life? How
can you grow in bringing to God the pressures that overwhelm you?


