http://odb.org/2016/01/21/welcome-home-2/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Welcome Home!

While he was still a long way off, his father saw him and was filled
with compassion for him.
Luke 15:20

Today's Scripture: Luke 15:11-24

When we were going through a particularly challenging time with our
son, a friend pulled me aside after a church meeting. “I want you to
know that I pray for you and your son every day,” he said. Then he
added: “I feel so guilty.”

“Why?” I asked. “Because I’ve never had to deal with prodigal
children,” he said. “My kids pretty much played by the rules. But it
wasn’t because of anything I did or didn’t do. Kids,” he shrugged,
“make their own choices.”

I wanted to hug him. His compassion was a reminder, a gift from God,
communicating to me the Father’s understanding for my struggle with my
son.

No one understands the struggle with prodigals better than our
heavenly Father. The story of the prodigal son in Luke 15 is our story
and God’s. Jesus told it on behalf of all sinners who so desperately
need to come home to their Creator and discover the warmth of a loving
relationship with Him.

Jesus is God in the flesh seeing us in the distance and looking on us
with compassion. He is God running to us and throwing His arms around
us. He is heaven’s kiss welcoming the repentant sinner home (v. 20).

God hasn’t just left the porch light on for us. He’s out on the front
porch watching, waiting, calling us home.

By:  James Banks

Reflect & Pray

We ask again today, Lord, that our prodigals would come home. James
Banks is author of Prayers for Prodigals by Discovery House.

Our loved ones may spurn our appeals, reject our message, oppose our
arguments, despise our persons—but they are helpless against our
prayers. J. Sidlow Baxter
