https://odb.org/2019/01/26/free-from-frostbite/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Free from Frostbite

Direct me in the path of your commands, for there I find delight.
Psalm 119:35

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 119:33–48

On a winter day, my children begged to go sledding. The temperature
hovered near zero degrees Fahrenheit. Snowflakes raced by our windows.
I thought it over and said yes, but asked them to bundle up, stay
together, and come inside after fifteen minutes.

Out of love, I created those rules so my children could play freely
without suffering frostbite. I think the author of Psalm 119
recognized the same good intent in God as he penned two consecutive
verses that might seem contradictory: “I will always obey your law”
and “I will walk about in freedom, for I have sought out your
precepts” (vv. 44–45). How is it that the psalmist associated freedom
with a spiritually law-abiding life?

Following God’s wise instruction allows us to escape the consequences
that come from choices we later wish we could undo. Without the weight
of guilt or pain we are freer to enjoy our lives. God doesn’t want to
control us with dos and don’ts; rather, His guidelines show that He
loves us.

While my kids were sledding, I watched them blast down the hill. I
smiled at the sound of their laughter and the sight of their pink
cheeks. They were free within the boundaries I’d given them. This
compelling paradox is present in our relationship with God—it leads us
to say with the psalmist, “Direct me in the path of your commands, for
there I find delight” (v. 35).

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

Dear God, give me a love for Your ways like the psalmist had. I want
to worship You with the choices I make every day.

Obedience flows freely from a heart of love.
