http://odb.org/2017/02/14/love-revealed/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Love Revealed

This is how God showed his love among us: He sent his one and only Son
into the world that we might live through him.
1 John 4:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 John 4:9–16

When a series of pink “I love you” signs mysteriously appeared in the
town of Welland, Ontario, local reporter Maryanne Firth decided to
investigate. Her sleuthing turned up nothing. Weeks later, new signs
appeared featuring the name of a local park along with a date and
time.

Accompanied by a crowd of curious townspeople, Firth went to the park
at the appointed time. There, she met a man wearing a suit who had
cleverly concealed his face. Imagine her surprise when he handed her a
bouquet and proposed marriage! The mystery man was Ryan St. Denis—her
boyfriend. She happily accepted.

St. Denis’s expression of love toward his fiancée may seem a bit over-
the-top, but God’s expression of love for us is nothing short of
extravagant! “This is how God showed his love among us: He sent his
one and only Son into the world that we might live through him” (1
John 4:9).

Jesus is not merely a token of love, like a rose passed from one
person to another. He is the divine human who willingly gave up His
life so that anyone who believes in Him for salvation can have an
everlasting covenant relationship with God. Nothing can separate a
Christian “from the love of God that is in Christ Jesus our Lord”
(Rom. 8:39).

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

Dear God, thank You for showing me, in the greatest way possible, that
You love me. Help my life to demonstrate my love for You.

We know how much God loves us because He sent His Son to save us.
