http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/odb/feed/~3/F8ADjkzEyj0/

The Remedy for Jealousy

So from that time on Saul kept a jealous eye on David.
1 Samuel 18:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Samuel 18:5–15

I gladly agreed to babysit my grandkids while their parents went out
for the evening. After hugs, I asked the boys what they did over the
weekend. (Both had separate adventures.) Bridger, age three, recounted
breathlessly how he got to stay overnight with his aunt and uncle—and
he had ice cream and rode a carousel and watched a movie! Next it was
five-year-old Samuel’s turn. When asked what he did, he said,
“Camping.” “Did you have fun?” I asked. “Not so much,” he answered
forlornly.

Samuel experienced the age-old feeling of jealousy. He forgot how much
fun he had camping with his dad when he heard his brother excitedly
tell about his weekend.

All of us can fall prey to jealousy. King Saul gave in to the green-
eyed monster of jealousy when the praise David received exceeded his:
“Saul has killed his thousands, and David his ten thousands!” (1 Sam.
18:7 nlt). Saul was outraged and “from that time on . . . kept a
jealous eye on David” (v. 9 nlt). He was so incensed he tried to kill
David!

The comparison game is foolish and self-destructive. Someone will
always have something we don’t or enjoy experiences different from
ours. But God has already given us many blessings, including both life
on this earth and the promise of eternal life to all who believe.
Depending on His help and focusing on Him in thankfulness can help us
to overcome jealousy.

By:  Alyson Kieda

Reflect & Pray

Lord, You have given us life and the promise of life eternal if we
trust in You as our Savior. For that—and so many other blessings—we
give You praise!

The remedy for jealousy is thankfulness to God.
