http://odb.org/2007/06/27/integrity-101/

Integrity 101

I will behave wisely in a perfect way. . . . I will walk within my
house with a perfect heart. —
Psalm 101:2

Today's Scripture: Psalm 101

Officials in Philadelphia were astonished to receive a letter and
payment from a motorist who had been given a speeding ticket in 1954.
John Gedge, an English tourist, had been visiting the City of
Brotherly Love when he was cited for speeding. The penalty was $15,
but Gedge forgot about the ticket for almost 52 years until he
discovered it in an old coat. “I thought, I’ve got to pay it,” said
Gedge, 84, who now lives in a nursing home in East Sussex. “Englishmen
pay their debts. My conscience is clear.”

This story reminded me of the psalmist David’s commitment to
integrity. Although he made some terrible choices in his life, Psalm
101 declares his resolve to live blamelessly. His integrity would
begin in the privacy of his own house (v.2) and extend to his choice
of colleagues and friends (vv.6-7). In sharp contrast to the corrupt
lives of most kings of the ancient Near East, David’s integrity led
him to respect the life of his sworn enemy, King Saul (1 Sam. 24:4-6;
26:8-9).

As followers of Jesus, we are called to walk in integrity and to
maintain a clear conscience. When we honor our commitments to God and
to others, we will walk in fellowship with God. Our integrity will
guide us (Prov. 11:3) and help us walk securely (10:9).

By:  Marvin Williams

Reflect & Pray

Lord, cleanse my heart of all deceit And teach me to be true; Help me
to have integrity In all I say and do. —Sper

There is no better test of a man’s integrity than his behavior when he
is wrong.
