https://odb.org/2020/05/25/remembering-3/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Remembering

Greater love has no one than this: to lay down one’s life for one’s
friends.
John 15:13

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 15:9–17

On Memorial Day, I think of many military veterans but especially my
dad and uncles, who served in the military during World War II. They
made it home, but in that war hundreds of thousands of families
tragically lost loved ones in service to their country. Yet, when
asked, my dad and most soldiers from that era would say they were
willing to give up their lives to protect their loved ones and stand
for what they believed to be right.

When someone dies in defense of their country, John 15:13—“Greater
love has no one than this: to lay down one’s life for one’s
friends”—is often recited during the funeral service to honor their
sacrifice. But what were the circumstances behind this verse?

When Jesus spoke those words to His disciples during the Last Supper,
He was about to die. And, in fact, one of His small group of
disciples, Judas, had already left to betray Him (13:18–30). Yet
Christ knew all of this and still chose to sacrifice His life for His
friends and enemies.

Jesus was willing and ready to die for those who’d one day believe in
Him, even for those who were still His enemies (Romans 5:10). In
return, He asks His disciples (then and now) to “love each other” as
He has loved them (John 15:12). His great love compels us to
sacrificially love others—friend and foe alike.

By:  Alyson Kieda

Reflect & Pray

Before we believed in Jesus, we were His enemies. Yet Jesus died for
us. How can you honor and remember Jesus for His death on the cross
for you? How can you sacrificially love others?

Jesus, we’re so thankful that You were willing to die for us!
