https://odb.org/2020/05/09/doubt-and-faith/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Doubt and Faith

The Lord gave and the Lord has taken away; may the name of the Lord be
praised.
Job 1:21

Today's Scripture & Insight: Job 1:20–22; 2:7–10

MingTeck woke up with a severe headache and thought it was another
migraine. But when he got out of bed, he collapsed onto the floor. He
was admitted to the hospital where the doctors informed him he’d had a
stroke. After four months of rehabilitation, he recovered his ability
to think and talk but still walks with a painful limp. He often
struggles with despair, but he finds great comfort from the book of
Job.

Job lost all his wealth and his children overnight. Despite the
harrowing news, he at first looked to God in hope and praised Him for
being the source of everything. He acknowledged God’s sovereign hand
even in times of calamity (Job 1:21). We marvel at his strong faith,
but Job also struggled with despair. After he lost his health too
(2:7), he cursed the day he was born (3:1). He was honest with his
friends and God about his pain. Eventually, however, he came to accept
that both good and bad come from God’s hand (13:15; 19:25–27).

In our sufferings, we too may find ourselves vacillating between
despair and hope, doubt and faith. God doesn’t require us to be
dauntless in the face of adversity but instead invites us to come to
Him with our questions. Though our faith may fail at times, we can
trust God to always be faithful.

By:  Poh Fang Chia

Reflect & Pray

What doubts and questions do you need to bring before God today? How
can you use Job 1:21 to guide you in your prayers?

Dear Father, when doubts and fears overwhelm me, help me remember I’m
precious in Your sight. You’re always in control, and You care for me.
