https://odb.org/2019/09/13/whatever-we-do/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Whatever We Do

Commit to the Lord whatever you do, and he will establish your plans.
Proverbs 16:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: Proverbs 16:1–9

In Surprised by Joy, C. S. Lewis confessed he came to Christianity at
the age of thirty-three, “kicking, struggling, resentful, and darting
his eyes in every direction for a chance to escape.” Despite Lewis’s
own personal resistance, his shortcomings, and the obstacles he faced,
the Lord transformed him into a courageous and creative defender of
the faith. Lewis proclaimed God’s truth and love through writing
powerful essays and novels that are still being read, studied, and
shared more than fifty-five years after his death. His life
reflected the belief that a person is never too old to set another
goal or dream a new dream.

As we make plans and follow dreams, God can purify our motives and
empower us to devote whatever we do to Him (Proverbs 16:1–3). From the
most ordinary tasks to the greatest challenges, we can live for the
glory of our almighty Maker, who “works out everything to its proper
end” (v. 4). Every action, every word, and every thought can become an
expression of heartfelt worship, a sacrificial gift to honor our Lord,
as He watches over us (v. 7).

God can’t be limited by our limitations, our reservations, or our
tendencies to settle or dream small. As we choose to live for
Him—dedicated to and dependent on Him—He will bring about His plans
for us. Whatever we do can be done with Him, for Him, and only because
of Him.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

How can Proverbs 16:3 help you be more confident in the use of your
gifts? What steps can you take to honor God as you follow a dream He’s
placed on your heart?

God, thank You for reminding us that no jobs are too small and no
dreams are too big in Your great kingdom.
