https://odb.org/2020/12/10/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The True Servant

Being found in appearance as a man, [Jesus] humbled himself by
becoming obedient to death—even death on a cross!
Philippians 2:8

Today's Scripture & Insight: Philippians 2:6–11

In 27 bc , the Roman ruler Octavian came before the Senate to lay down
his powers. He’d won a civil war, become the sole ruler of that region
of the world, and was functioning like an emperor. Yet he knew such
power was viewed suspiciously. So Octavian renounced his powers before
the Senate, vowing to simply be an appointed official. Their response?
The Roman Senate honored the ruler by crowning him with a civic crown
and naming him the servant of the Roman people. He was also given the
name Augustus—the “great one.”

Paul wrote of Jesus emptying Himself and taking on the form of a
servant. Augustus appeared to do the same. Or had he? Augustus only
acted like he was surrendering his power but was doing it for his own
gain. Jesus “humbled himself by becoming obedient to death—even death
on a cross!” (Philippians 2:8). Death on a Roman cross was the worst
form of humiliation and shame.

Today, a primary reason people praise “servant leadership” as a virtue
is because of Jesus. Humility wasn’t a Greek or Roman virtue. Because
Jesus died on the cross for us, He’s the true Servant. He’s the true
Savior.

Christ became a servant in order to save us. He “made himself nothing”
(v. 7) so that we could receive something truly great—the gift of
salvation and eternal life.

By:  Glenn Packiam

Reflect & Pray

Why is it true that we’re never out of God’s reach? What does it mean
for you to know that Jesus is the Servant who suffered and died in
order to save you?

Dear Jesus, thank You for giving Your life for me. Your servanthood
wasn’t a show but the reality of Your love for me. Fill my heart with
love and gratitude today.
