http://odb.org/2016/03/06/the-power-of-gods-music/?utm_source=feedburn
er&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%
29

The Power of God’s Music

Let the message of Christ dwell among you richly . . . with all wisdom
through psalms, hymns, and songs from the Spirit.
Colossians 3:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: Colossians 3:12-17

The Sound of Music, one of the most successful musical films ever
produced, was released as a motion picture in 1965. It won many
accolades, including five Academy Awards, as it captured the hearts
and voices of people around the world. More than half a century later,
people still attend special showings of the film where viewers come
dressed as their favorite character and sing along during the
performance.

Music is deeply rooted in our souls. And for followers of Jesus, it is
a powerful means of encouraging each other along the journey of faith.
Paul urged the believers in Colossae, “Let Christ’s teaching live in
your hearts, making you rich in the true wisdom. Teach and help one
another along the right road with your psalms and hymns and Christian
songs, singing God’s praises with joyful hearts” (Col. 3:16 Phillips).

Singing together to the Lord embeds the message of His love in our
minds and souls. It is a powerful ministry of teaching and
encouragement that we share together. Whether our hearts cry out,
“Create in me a pure heart, O God” (Ps. 51:10), or joyfully shout,
“And he will reign forever and ever” (Rev. 11:15), the power of music
that exalts God lifts our spirits and grants us peace.

Let us sing to the Lord today.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Thank You, Lord, for Your gift of music. We sing Your praise together
and learn more of Your love and power. What is your favorite hymn or
worship song? Share yours on our Facebook page.

Music washes from the soul the dust of everyday life.
