http://odb.org/2015/11/30/the-heavenly-manifest/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Heavenly Manifest

Rejoice that your names are written in heaven.
Luke 10:20

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 10:17-24

At the Kenya Airways check-in counter, I presented my passport for
verification. When the agents searched for my name on their
manifest—the document that lists names of passengers—my name was
missing. The problem? Overbooking and lack of confirmation. My hope of
reaching home that day was shattered.

The episode reminded me of another kind of manifest—the Book of Life.
In Luke 10, Jesus sent His disciples on an evangelistic mission. On
their return, they happily reported their success. But Jesus told
them: “Do not rejoice that the spirits submit to you, but rejoice that
your names are written in heaven” (v. 20). The focus of our joy is not
merely that we are successful but that our names are inscribed in
God’s book.

But how can we be sure of that? God’s Word tells us, “If you declare
with your mouth, ‘Jesus is Lord,’ and believe in your heart that God
raised him from the dead, you will be saved” (Rom. 10:9).

In Revelation 21, John makes a breathtaking description of the Holy
City that awaits those who trust Christ. Then he writes, “Nothing
impure will ever enter it, nor will anyone who does what is shameful
or deceitful, but only those whose names are written in the Lamb’s
book of life” (v. 27).

The Book of Life is God’s heavenly manifest. Is your name written in
it?

By:  Lawrence Darmani

Reflect & Pray

Father in heaven, thank You for the gift of Your Son, who promised to
prepare a place for us. Thank You too, that You are preparing us for
that place.

God opens the gates of heaven to those who open their hearts to Him.
