https://odb.org/2019/10/28/walk-like-a-warrior/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Walk Like a Warrior

When the angel of the Lord appeared to Gideon, he said, “The Lord is
with you, mighty warrior.”
Judges 6:12

Today's Scripture & Insight: Judges 6:1, 11–16

Eighteen-year-old Emma faithfully talks about Jesus on social media,
even though bullies have criticized her joy and enthusiastic love for
Christ. Some have attacked her with remarks about her physical
appearance. Others have suggested a lack of intelligence because of
her devotion to God. Though the unkind words cut deep into Emma’s
heart, she continues to spread the gospel with bold faith and love for
Jesus and others. Sometimes, though, she’s tempted to believe her
identity and worth are determined by the criticism of others. When
that happens, she asks God for help, prays for her persecutors,
meditates on the words of Scripture, and perseveres with Spirit-
empowered courage and confidence.

Gideon faced fierce tormentors—the Midianites (Judges 6:1–10). Though
God called him a “mighty warrior,” Gideon struggled to let go of his
doubt, self-imposed limitations, and insecurities (vv. 11–15). On more
than one occasion, he questioned the Lord’s presence and his own
qualifications, but eventually surrendered in faith.

When we trust God, we can live like we believe what He says about us
is true. Even when persecution tempts us to doubt our identity, our
loving Father confirms His presence and fights on our behalf. He
affirms we can walk like mighty warriors armed with His absolute love,
guarded by His endless grace, and secured in His reliable truth.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

Which verses help you remain steadfast when you’re tempted to doubt
your identity and worth? What can you do to combat verbal attacks?

God, please help us recall Your love and respond in grace every time
someone tempts us to doubt our value or question our unique roles.
