http://odb.org/1996/09/08/for-future-generations/

For Future Generations

I call to remembrance the genuine faith that is in you, which dwelt
first in your grandmother. —
2 Timothy 1:5

Today's Scripture: 2 Timothy 1:1-7

When a team of Christians visited Stavropol, Russia, in 1994 to hand
out Bibles, a local citizen said he recalled seeing Bibles in an old
warehouse. They had been confiscated in the 1930s when Stalin was
sending believers to the gulags. Amazingly, the Bibles were still
there.

Among those who showed up to load them into trucks was a young
agnostic student just wanting to earn a day’s wage. But soon he
slipped away from the job to steal a Bible. A team member went looking
for him and found him sitting in a corner weeping. Out of the hundreds
of Bibles, he had picked up one that bore the handwritten signature of
his own grandmother. Persecuted for her faith, she had no doubt prayed
often for her family and her city. God used that grandmother’s Bible
to convict that young man.

God has no grandchildren. We must each become first-generation
believers through personal faith in Jesus. But the devotion to God of
a grandparent or parent is a powerful ally of His Spirit to bring our
children to Christ.

Paul encouraged Timothy by recalling the faith of his grandmother and
mother. Although Timothy’s faith was his own, it was deeply linked to
theirs. What an admonition to us who are parents and grandparents to
be faithful!

By:  Dennis J. DeHaan

Reflect & Pray

We can help our precious children Follow in God's way, Living out our
faith with gladness, Praying every day. —Sper

Better than having children bear your name is to have your children
bear Christ's name.
