https://odb.org/2019/11/30/carefully-crafted/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Carefully Crafted

Christ himself gave the apostles, the prophets, the evangelists, the
pastors and teachers, to equip his people.
Ephesians 4:11–12

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ephesians 4:11–14

In a YouTube video, Alan Glustoff, a cheese farmer in Goshen, New
York, described his process for aging cheese, a process that adds to a
cheese’s flavor and texture. Before it can be sent out to a market,
each block of cheese remains on a shelf in an underground cave for six
to twelve months. In this humid environment the cheese is carefully
tended. “We do our best to give it the right environment to thrive . .
. [and] to develop to its truest potential,” Glustoff explained.

Glustoff’s passion for developing the potential of the cheese he
produces reminded me of God’s passion for developing the “truest
potential” of His children so they will become fruitful and mature. In
Ephesians 4, the apostle Paul describes the people involved in this
process: apostles, prophets, evangelists, pastors, and teachers (v.
11). People with these gifts help to stimulate the growth of each
believer as well as to encourage acts of service (the “works”
mentioned in verse 12). The goal is that we “become mature, attaining
to the whole measure of the fullness of Christ” (v. 13).

Spiritual growth comes about through the power of the Holy Spirit as
we submit to His maturing process. As we follow the guidance of the
people He places in our lives, we become more effective as He sends us
out to serve.

By:  Linda Washington

Reflect & Pray

Who has been most influential to your spiritual growth? In what ways
have you been challenged to grow? How can you encourage the growth of
someone else?

Loving God, I’m grateful for the tender way You help me to grow.
