https://odb.org/2018/07/10/leviathan-frolics/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

God of the Depths

There is the sea, vast and spacious, . . . and Leviathan, which you
formed to frolic there.
Psalm 104:25–26

Today's Scripture & Insight: Job 41:12–34

“When you go to the deep sea, every time you take a sample, you’ll
find a new species,” says marine biologist Ward Appeltans. In one
recent year, scientists identified 1,451 new types of undersea life.
We simply don’t know the half of what’s down there.

In Job 38–40, God reviewed His creation for Job’s benefit. In three
poetic chapters, God highlighted the wonders of weather, the vastness
of the cosmos, and the variety of creatures in their habitats. These
are things we can observe. Then God spoke of the mysterious
Leviathan—for an entire chapter. Leviathan is a creature like no
other, with harpoon-deflecting armor (Job 41:7, 13), graceful power
(v. 12), and “fearsome teeth” (v. 14). “Flames stream from its mouth .
. . smoke pours from its nostrils” (vv. 19–20). “Nothing on earth is
its equal” (v. 33).

Okay, so God talks about a huge creature we haven’t seen. Is that the
point of Job 41?

No! Job 41 broadens our understanding of God’s surprising character.
The psalmist expanded on this when he wrote, “There is the sea, vast
and spacious, . . . and Leviathan, which you formed to frolic there”
(Psalm 104:25–26). After the terrifying description in Job, we learn
that God created a playpen for this most fearsome of all creatures.
Leviathan frolics.

We have the present to explore the ocean. We’ll have eternity to
explore the wonders of our magnificent, mysterious, playful God.

By:  Tim Gustafson

This article may not have a prayer section.




