http://odb.org/2015/07/29/whose-mess/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium
=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Whose Mess?

Out of the heart come evil thoughts . . . . These are what defile a
person. —
Matthew 15:19-20

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 15:7-21

“Could they not carry their own garbage this far?” I grumbled to Jay
as I picked up empty bottles from the beach and tossed them into the
trash bin less than 20 feet away. “Did leaving the beach a mess for
others make them feel better about themselves? I sure hope these
people are tourists. I don’t want to think that any locals would treat
our beach with such disrespect.”

The very next day I came across a prayer I had written years earlier
about judging others. My own words reminded me of how wrong I was to
take pride in cleaning up other people’s messes. The truth is, I have
plenty of my own that I simply ignore—especially in the spiritual
sense.

I am quick to claim that the reason I can’t get my life in order is
because others keep messing it up. And I am quick to conclude that the
“garbage” stinking up my surroundings belongs to someone other than
me. But neither is true. Nothing outside of me can condemn or
contaminate me—only what’s inside (Matt. 15:19-20). The real garbage
is the attitude that causes me to turn up my nose at a tiny whiff of
someone else’s sin while ignoring the stench of my own.

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

Forgive me, Lord, for refusing to throw away my own “trash.” Open my
eyes to the damage that pride does to Your natural and spiritual
creation. May I have no part of it. Share this prayer from our
Facebook page with your friends. facebook.com/ourdailybread

Most of us are farsighted about sin—we see the sins of others but not
our own.
