https://odb.org/2020/11/27/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Facing the Battle

Look to the Lord and his strength; seek his face always.
1 Chronicles 16:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Chronicles 16:1–11

Not long ago I met up with a group of friends. As I listened to the
conversation, it seemed like everyone in the room was facing some
significant battle. Two of us had parents fighting cancer, one had a
child with an eating disorder, another friend was experiencing chronic
pain, and another was facing major surgery. It seemed a lot for a
bunch of people in their thirties and forties.

First Chronicles 16 recounts a key moment in Israel’s history when the
ark of the covenant was brought into the City of David (Jerusalem).
Samuel tells us it happened in a moment of peace between battles (2
Samuel 7:1). When the ark was in place, symbolizing God’s presence,
David led the people in a song of praise (1 Chronicles 16:8–36).
Together the nation sang of God’s wonder-working power, His promise-
keeping ways, and His past protection (vv. 12–22). “Look to the Lord
and his strength,” they cried out; “seek his face always” (v. 11).
They’d need to, because more battles were coming.

Look to the Lord and His strength. Seek His face. That’s not bad
advice to follow when illness, family concerns, and other battles
confront us, because we haven’t been left to fight in our own waning
energies. God is present; God is strong; He’s looked after us in the
past and will do so again.

Our God will get us through.

By:  Sheridan Voysey

Reflect & Pray

What battle do you need God’s power to face right now? How can you
hand your struggle to Him?

Wonder-working God, I hand over this battle to You. I trust in Your
strength and Your promises.
