https://odb.org/2019/06/11/god-of-all-people/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

God of All People

Now there were staying in Jerusalem God-fearing Jews from every nation
under heaven.
Acts 2:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: Acts 2:1–12

Former Newsboys lead vocalist Peter Furler describes the performance
of the band’s praise song “He Reigns.” The song paints a vivid picture
of believers from every tribe and nation coming together to worship
God in unity. Furler observed that whenever the Newsboys sang it he
could sense the moving of the Holy Spirit in the gathering of
believers.

Furler’s description of his experiences with “He Reigns” would likely
have resonated with the crowds who converged on Jerusalem at
Pentecost. When the disciples were filled with the Holy Spirit (Acts
2:4), things began to happen beyond anyone’s experience. As a result,
Jews representing every nation came together in confusion, because
each one heard their own language being spoken to make God’s
wonders known (vv. 5–6, 11). Peter explained to the crowd that this
was in fulfillment of the Old Testament prophecy in which God said, “I
will pour out my Spirit on all people” (v. 17).

This all-inclusive display of God’s awesome power made the crowd
receptive to Peter’s declaration of the gospel, leading to three
thousand converts that day alone (v. 41). Following this spectacular
kickoff, these new believers then returned to their corner of the
world, taking the good news with them.

The good news still resounds today—God’s message of hope for all
people. As we praise God together, His Spirit moves among us, bringing
people of every nation together in wonderful unity. He reigns!

By:  Remi Oyedele

Reflect & Pray

In what ways do you see God’s image in other people? How can you view
people from every tribe and nation through the lens of Jesus?

Dear heavenly Father, help me to reflect Your heart for all of Your
people.
