http://odb.org/2015/09/19/lessons-in-suffering/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Lessons in Suffering

If I must boast, I will boast of the things that show my weakness.
2 Corinthians 11:30

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Corinthians 11:21-30

The close-up image on the giant screen was big and sharp, so we could
see the deep cuts on the man’s body. A soldier beat him while an angry
crowd laughed at the man whose face was now covered with blood. The
scenes appeared so real that, in the silence of the open-air theater,
I cringed and grimaced as if I could feel the pain myself. But this
was only a film reenactment of Jesus’ suffering for us.

Reminding us of Jesus’ suffering, Peter wrote, “To this you were
called, because Christ suffered for you, leaving you an example, that
you should follow in his steps” (1 Peter 2:21). While suffering comes
in different forms and intensity, it is to be expected. Ours may not
be as intense as that experienced by Paul, who for the sake of Christ
was beaten with rods, stoned, and shipwrecked. He was attacked by
bandits, and he endured hunger and thirst (2 Cor. 11:24-27). Likewise,
we may not suffer like those who endure severe persecution in cultures
where Christianity is not welcomed.

In some form or another, however, suffering will come our way as we
deny ourselves, endure harassment, bear insults, or refuse to engage
in activities that do not honor the Lord. Even exercising patience,
avoiding revenge, and forgiving others in order to foster good
relationships are forms of following in His steps.

Whenever we encounter suffering, may we remember what Jesus endured
for us.

By:  Lawrence Darmani

Reflect & Pray

What have you learned about God through your trials?

The school of suffering teaches us lessons that we could learn in no
other classroom.
