http://odb.org/2016/04/28/an-amazing-love/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

An Amazing Love

“I have loved you,” says the Lord.
Malachi 1:2

Today's Scripture: Malachi 1:1-10; 4:5-6

The final major historic acts of the Old Testament are described in
Ezra and Nehemiah as God allowed the people of Israel to return from
exile and resettle in Jerusalem. The City of David was repopulated
with Hebrew families, a new temple was built, and the wall was
repaired.

And that brings us to Malachi. This prophet, who was most likely a
contemporary of Nehemiah, brings the written portion of the Old
Testament to a close. Notice the first thing he said to the people of
Israel: “ ‘I have loved you,’ says the Lord.” And look at their
response: “How have you loved us?” (1:2).

Amazing, isn’t it? Their history had proven God’s faithfulness, yet
after hundreds of years in which God continually provided for His
chosen people in both miraculous and mundane ways, they wondered how
He had shown His love. As the book continues, Malachi reminds the
people of their unfaithfulness (see vv. 6-8). They had a long
historical pattern of God’s provision for them, followed by their
disobedience, followed by God’s discipline.

It was time, soon, for a new way. The prophet hints at it in Malachi
4:5-6. The Messiah would be coming. There was hope ahead for a Savior
who would show us His love and pay the penalty once and for all for
our sin.

That Messiah indeed has come! Malachi’s hope is now a reality in
Jesus.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

Thank You, Father, for the story You told in Your Word of the people
of Israel. It reminds us to be grateful for what You have done for us.
Thank You for loving us so much You sent us Jesus.

Those who put their trust in Jesus will have eternal life.
