http://odb.org/2014/03/09/dressed-to-deceive/

Dressed To Deceive

Beware of false prophets, who come to you in sheep’s clothing, but
inwardly they are ravenous wolves. —
Matthew 7:15

Today's Scripture: 2 Peter 2:1-3,12-19

Hiking in the mountains of Utah, Coty Creighton spotted a goat that
didn’t look like the rest of the herd. A closer look revealed that the
unusual animal was actually a man dressed as a goat. When authorities
contacted the man, he described his costume as a painter’s suit
covered in fleece, and he said he was testing his disguise for a
hunting trip.

The hunter’s deception reminds me of Jesus’ words: “Beware of false
prophets, who come to you in sheep’s clothing, but inwardly they are
ravenous wolves” (Matt. 7:15). False teachers do not bear the fruit of
God’s Spirit (Gal. 5:22-23). Rather, they “walk according to the flesh
. . . and despise authority” (2 Peter 2:10). They are bold,
egotistical, and given to greed (vv.10,14). Ruled by their own
desires, they exploit people by using “deceptive words” (v.3). The
Bible says these wayward spiritual leaders are headed for destruction
and will take many unsuspecting and undiscerning people with them
(vv.1-2).

Jesus, the Good Shepherd, rather than pursuing personal gain, laid
down His life for His sheep. God does not want anyone to be misled by
false teaching. He wants us to be aware of those who deceive, and
follow Him instead—the true Shepherd of our souls.

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

At the name of Jesus Every knee shall bow, Every tongue confess Him,
King of glory now. —Noel

Substitutes abound, but there is only one Christ.
