http://odb.org/2015/11/05/angry-prayers/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Angry Prayers

Fools give full vent to their rage, but the wise bring calm in the
end.
Proverbs 29:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 86:1-13

The neighbors probably didn’t know what to think as they looked out
their windows at me one wintry day. I was standing in the driveway
with a garden shovel clutched in my hands, whacking wildly and angrily
at a clump of ice that had formed beneath a corner gutter. With each
smack, I was uttering prayers that were variations on one theme: “I
can’t do this.” “You can’t expect me to do this.” “I don’t have the
strength to do this.” As a caregiver, with a long list of
responsibilities to handle, I now had this ice to deal with, and I had
had enough!

My anger was wrapped around a bundle of lies: “I deserve better than
this.” “God isn’t enough after all.” “Nobody cares anyway.” But when
we choose to cling to our anger, we become mired in the trap of
bitterness, never moving forward. And the only cure for anger is
truth.

The truth is that God does not give us what we deserve; He gives us
mercy instead. “You, Lord, are forgiving and good, abounding in love
to all who call to you” (Ps. 86:5). The truth is that God is more than
enough, despite what we see. The truth is that His strength is
sufficient (2 Cor. 12:9). Yet before we can find such reassurance, we
may need to step back, lay down the shovel of our own efforts, and
take Jesus’ hand that’s extended to us in mercy and grace.

God is big enough to listen to our anger and loving enough to show us,
in His time, the path forward.

By:  Shelly Beach

Reflect & Pray

Loving God, forgive me for my outbursts of anger. Today I choose to
lay down my sinful anger and accept Your mercy and grace. Thank You
for forgiveness and for truth that leads to wisdom. Shelly Beach is
the author of several books, including Precious Lord, Take My Hand:
Meditations for Caregivers.

Grace: Getting what we don’t deserve. Mercy: Not getting what we do
deserve.
