http://odb.org/2014/11/24/hope-in-suffering/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Hope In Suffering

In this [living hope] you greatly rejoice, though now for a little
while, if need be, you have been grieved by various trials. —
1 Peter 1:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Peter 1:3-9

When I opened my Bible to read Jeremiah 1 through 4, the subhead
ascribed to the book startled me: “Hope in Time of Weeping.” I almost
cried. The timing was perfect, as I was walking through a season of
weeping over the death of my mom.

I felt much the same way after hearing my pastor’s sermon the day
before. The title was “Joy in Suffering,” taken from 1 Peter 1:3-9. He
gave us an illustration from his own life: the one-year anniversary of
his father’s death. The sermon was meaningful for many, but for me it
was a gift from God. These and other events were indications backed up
by His Word that God would not leave me alone in my grief.

Even though the way of sorrow is hard, God sends reminders of His
enduring presence. To the Israelites expelled from the Promised Land
due to disobedience, God made His presence known by sending prophets
like Jeremiah to offer them hope—hope for reconciliation through
repentance. And to those He leads through times of testing, He shows
His presence through a community of believers who “love one another
fervently with a pure heart” (1 Peter 1:22). These indications of
God’s presence during trials on earth affirm God’s promise of the
living hope awaiting us at the resurrection.

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

Does Jesus care when I’ve said goodbye To the dearest on earth to me,
And my sad heart aches till it nearly breaks, Is it aught to Him? Does
He see? O yes, He cares! —Graeff

We need never be ashamed of our tears. —Dickens
