http://odb.org/2013/10/11/gorgeous-inside/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

“Gorgeous Inside”

To be spiritually minded is life and peace. —
Romans 8:6

Today's Scripture: Romans 8:1-11

It’s a rather nondescript house that sits on a busy thoroughfare. With
no distinctive characteristics, this rather plain home is easy to
ignore. But as I drove past it the other day, I noticed a “For Sale”
sign in the yard. Attached to the sign was a smaller notice that
happily announced: “I’m gorgeous inside.” While I’m not in the market
for a new house, that sign intrigued me. What could make this
otherwise forgettable house gorgeous inside?

It also made me wonder: Could that sign apply to us as followers of
Jesus? Think about it. No matter what we look like on the outside,
shouldn’t there be within us a beauty that reveals God’s love and work
in our lives?

What does the Bible say about inner beauty? We might start with Romans
7:22, which says, “In my inner being I delight in God’s law” (niv). A
few verses later in Romans 8:6, Paul speaks of a Spirit-controlled
mind that is characterized by “life and peace.” And in Galatians, we
see that letting the Spirit take charge of our inner being will build
in us the “fruit of the Spirit” (5:22), a beautiful array of qualities
such as love, joy, peace, patience, and kindness.

Delighting in Scripture and allowing the Spirit to work in our heart
will make us look good on the inside—and will pay off in a life that
honors God.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

Dear Lord, I pray that through the work of Your Spirit dwelling within
me I will be transformed into a grand display of the fruit that will
attract others to You and reflect glory back to You.

Righteousness in your heart produces beauty in your character.
