https://odb.org/2020/08/24/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

How Did I Get Here?

Shall we accept good from God, and not trouble?
Job 2:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Job 2:1–10

Tiffani awoke in the pitch-black darkness of an Air Canada jet. Still
wearing her seat belt, she’d slept while the other passengers exited
and the plane was parked. Why didn’t anyone wake her? How did she get
here? She shook the cobwebs from her brain and tried to remember.

Have you found yourself in a place you never expected? You’re too
young to have this disease, and there’s no cure. Your last review was
excellent; why is your position being eliminated? You were enjoying
the best years of your marriage. Now you’re starting over, as a single
parent with a part-time job.

How did I get here? Job may have wondered as “he sat among the ashes”
(Job 2:8). He’d lost his children, his wealth, and his health, in no
time flat. He couldn’t have guessed how he got here; he just knew he
had to remember.

Job remembered his Creator and how good He’d been. He told his wife,
“Shall we accept good from God, and not trouble?” (v. 10). Job
remembered he could count on this good God to be faithful. So he
lamented. He screamed at the heavens. And he mourned in hope, “I know
that my redeemer lives,” and that “in my flesh I will see God”
(19:25–26). Job clung to hope as he remembered how the story began and
how it ends.

By:  Mike Wittmer

Reflect & Pray

What situation fills you with agony and dread? How might you regain
your bearings and live with hope and joy?

Father, You’re not surprised by what surprises me. You were good
before, and You remain good now. To learn more about the book of Job
and its message, visit bit.ly/337DURd.
