https://odb.org/2019/05/25/shackled-but-not-silent/?utm_source=feedbur
ner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread
%29

Shackled but Not Silent

About midnight Paul and Silas were praying and singing hymns to God,
and the other prisoners were listening to them.
Acts 16:25

Today's Scripture & Insight: Acts 16:25–34

In the summer of 1963, after an all-night bus ride, US civil rights
activist Fannie Lou Hamer and six other black passengers stopped to
eat at a diner in Winona, Mississippi. After law enforcement officers
forced them to leave, they were arrested and jailed. But the
humiliation wouldn’t end with unlawful arrest. All received severe
beatings, but Fannie’s was the worst. After a brutal attack that left
her near death she burst out in song: “Paul and Silas was bound in
jail, let my people go.” And she didn’t sing alone. Other prisoners,
restrained in body but not in soul, joined her in worship.

According to Acts 16, Paul and Silas found themselves in a difficult
place when they were imprisoned for telling others about Jesus. But
discomfort didn’t dampen their faith. “About midnight Paul and Silas
were praying and singing hymns to God” (v. 25). Their bold worship
created the opportunity to continue to talk about Jesus. “Then they
spoke the word of the Lord to [the jailer] and to all the others in
his house” (v. 32).

Most of us will not likely face the extreme circumstances encountered
by Paul, Silas, or Fannie, but each of us will face uncomfortable
situations. When that happens, our strength comes from our faithful
God. May there be a song in our hearts that will honor Him and give us
boldness to speak for Him—even in the midst of trouble.

By:  Arthur Jackson

Reflect & Pray

When was the last time you found yourself in a difficult situation?
How did God help you live out your faith and witness?

Hard times call for prayer and praise to the One who controls all
things.
