http://odb.org/2014/06/28/make-it-attractive/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Make It Attractive

Walk in wisdom toward those who are outside, redeeming the time. —
Colossians 4:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: Colossians 4:2-6

The story is told of a young boy who, during a bygone era, was aboard
a passenger train attempting to make money selling apples. He made his
way through the train car, saying, “Apples! Would you like to buy an
apple?” When he got to the rear of the car, he still had a bagful of
apples and no money.

A gentleman who noticed his plight took him aside and asked to see one
of the apples. He proceeded to go to the front of the train, polish it
conspicuously with a napkin, and then walk down the aisle eating the
apple and commenting on how delicious and refreshing it was. Then he
told the boy to try again. This time, he sold every apple. The
difference? The apples had been made attractive to the potential
customers.

This story can remind us of one way we can interest others in the
gospel of Jesus Christ: Make it attractive to them—show them the
difference it has made in our own lives. That is best done by
following the words of Paul in Colossians 4:5. “Be wise,” he said, “in
the way you act toward outsiders; make the most of every opportunity”
(niv). If we show kindness, love, and compassion to others, those who
observe us will wonder why, and that may give us an opening to tell
them about the beauty of God’s love for them.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

Dear God, You have given us so much by providing our salvation. Help
us to make the gospel attractive to others by the way we shine Jesus’
light on those we encounter each day.

The beauty of a changed life can attract others to the One who makes
us beautiful.
