https://odb.org/2021/02/28/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

New Every Morning

[God’s] compassions never fail. They are new every morning.
Lamentations 3:22–23

Today's Scripture & Insight: Lamentations 3:19–26

My brother Paul grew up battling severe epilepsy, and when he entered
his teenage years it became even worse. Nighttime was excruciating for
him and my parents, as he’d experience continuous seizures for often
more than six hours at a time. Doctors couldn’t find a treatment that
would alleviate the symptoms while also keeping him conscious for at
least part of the day. My parents cried out in prayer: “God, oh God,
help us!”

Although their emotions were battered and their bodies exhausted, Paul
and my parents received enough strength from God for each new day. In
addition, my parents found comfort in the words of the Bible,
including the book of Lamentations. Here Jeremiah voiced his grief
over the destruction of Jerusalem by the Babylonians, remembering “the
bitterness and the gall” (3:19). Yet Jeremiah didn’t lose hope. He
called to mind the mercies of God, that His compassions “are new every
morning” (v. 23). So too did my parents.

Whatever you’re facing, know that God is faithful every morning. He
renews our strength day by day and gives us hope. And sometimes, as
with my family, He brings relief. After several years, a new
medication became available that stopped Paul’s continuous nighttime
seizures, giving my family restorative sleep and hope for the future.

When our souls are downcast within us (v. 20), may we call to mind the
promises of God that His mercies are new every morning.

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

How has God sustained you through the trials you’ve faced? How could
you support someone who’s enduring a challenging time?

God, Your love will never leave me. When I feel spent and without
hope, remind me of Your mercies and compassion.
