https://odb.org/2020/02/10/in-it-together/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

In It Together

Rejoice with those who rejoice; mourn with those who mourn.
Romans 12:15

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 12:9–16

During a two-month period in 1994, as many as one million Tutsis were
slain in Rwanda by Hutu tribe members bent on killing their fellow
countrymen. In the wake of this horrific genocide, Bishop Geoffrey
Rwubusisi approached his wife about reaching out to women whose loved
ones had been slain. Mary’s reply was, “All I want to do is cry.” She
too had lost members of her family. The bishop’s response was that of
a wise leader and caring husband: “Mary, gather the women together and
cry with them.” He knew his wife’s pain had prepared her to uniquely
share in the pain of others.

The church, the family of God, is where all of life can be shared—the
good and not-so-good. The New Testament words “one another” are used
to capture our interdependence. “Be devoted to one another in love.
Honor one another above yourselves. . . . Live in harmony with one
another” (Romans 12:10, 16). The extent of our connectedness is
expressed in verse 15: “Rejoice with those who rejoice; mourn with
those who mourn.”

While the depth and scope of our pain may pale in comparison with
those affected by genocide, it’s nonetheless personal and real. And,
as with the pain of Mary, because of what God has done for us it can
be embraced and shared for the comfort and good of others.

By:  Arthur Jackson

Reflect & Pray

When have you allowed someone else to share your sorrow? How does the
body of Christ—the church—help you deal with the hard times in life?

Gracious God, forgive me for my reluctance to enter the pain of
others. Help me to live more fully as a connected member of Your
church. Learn about loving as Jesus does at discoveryseries.org/q0208.
