https://odb.org/2020/10/13/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

God Holds Us

I will uphold you with my righteous right hand.
Isaiah 41:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 41:1–10

South African Fredie Blom turned 114 in 2018, widely recognized as the
oldest living man. Born in 1904, the year the Wright Brothers built
their Flyer II, he’s lived through both World Wars, apartheid, and the
Great Depression. When asked for the secret for his longevity, Blom
only shrugs. Like many of us, he hasn’t always chosen the foods and
practices that promote wellness. However, Blom does offer one reason
for his remarkable health: “There’s only one thing, it’s [God]. He’s
got all the power . . . . He holds me.”

Blom echoes words similar to what God spoke to Israel, as the nation
wilted under the oppression of fierce enemies. “I will strengthen you
and help you,” God promised. “I will uphold you with my righteous
right hand” (Isaiah 41:10). No matter how desperate their situation,
how impossible the odds that they would ever find relief, God assured
His people that they were held in His tender care. “Do not fear, for I
am with you,” He insisted. “Do not be dismayed, for I am your God” (v.
10).

No matter how many years we’re given, life’s hardships will come
knocking at our door. A troubled marriage. A child abandoning the
family. Terrifying news from the doctor. Even persecution. However,
our God reaches out to us and holds us firmly. He gathers us and holds
us in His strong, tender hand.

By:  Winn Collier

Reflect & Pray

When have you felt isolated or exposed? How does it encourage you to
know that your life is being held in God’s strong hand?

God, assure me that You’re holding me because I feel like I’m only
hanging on by a thread. I trust that You’ll help and uphold me.
