http://odb.org/2016/05/24/no-worries/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium
=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

No Worries

Let us go over to the other side.
Mark 4:35

Today's Scripture & Insight: Mark 4:35–5:1

A comfortable plane ride was about to get bumpy. The voice of the
captain interrupted in-flight beverage service and asked passengers to
make sure their seatbelts were fastened. Soon the plane began to roll
and pitch like a ship on a wind-whipped ocean. While the rest of the
passengers were doing their best to deal with the turbulence, a little
girl sat through it all reading her book. After the plane landed, she
was asked why she had been able to be so calm. She responded, “My
daddy is the pilot and he’s taking me home.”

Though Jesus’ disciples were seasoned fishermen, they were terrified
the day a storm threatened to swamp their boat. They were following
Jesus’ instructions. Why was this happening? (Mark 4:35-38). He was
with them but He was asleep at the stern of the craft. They learned
that day that it is not true that when we do as our Lord says there
will be no storms in our lives. Yet because He was with them, they
also learned that storms don’t stop us from getting to where our Lord
wants us to go (5:1).

Whether the storm we encounter today is the result of a tragic
accident, a loss of employment, or some other trial, we can be
confident that all is not lost. Our Pilot can handle the storm. He
will get us home.

By:  C. P. Hia

Reflect & Pray

What storms are you encountering today? Perhaps you have lost a loved
one or are facing a serious illness. Perhaps you are having difficulty
finding a job. Ask the Lord to strengthen your faith and take you
safely through the storm to the other side.

We don't need to fear the storm with Jesus as our anchor.
