http://odb.org/2011/05/03/never-alone-4/

Never Alone

Let your conduct be without covetousness; be content with such things
as you have. For He Himself has said, “I will never leave you nor
forsake you.” —
Hebrews 13:5

Today's Scripture: Hebrews 13:1-8

Having played intercollegiate soccer, I’ve never lost my love for “The
Beautiful Game.” I especially enjoy watching the English Premier
League. One reason is the skill and speed with which the game is
played there. Also, I love the way the fans sing in support of their
beloved “sides.” For instance, Liverpool has for years had “You’ll
Never Walk Alone” as its theme. How moving to hear 50,000 fans rise as
one to sing the lyrics of that old standard! It’s an encouragement to
players and fans alike that together they will see each other through
to the end. Walk alone? Never.

This sentiment has meaning for everyone. Because each of us is made
for community, isolation and loneliness are among the most painful of
human experiences. During painful times, our faith is vital.

The child of God never needs to fear abandonment. Even if people turn
on us, friends forsake us, or circumstances separate us from loved
ones, we are never alone. God has said, “I will never leave you nor
forsake you” (Heb. 13:5). This is not just a nice tune or clever
lyrics offering an empty sentiment. It is the promise of God Himself
to those who are the objects of His love. He is there—and He isn’t
going away.

With Christ, you will never walk alone.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

God’s unseen presence comforts me, I know He’s always near; And when
life’s storms besiege my soul, He says, “My child, don’t fear.” —D. De
Haan

God’s presence with us is one of His greatest presents to us.
