https://odb.org/2020/12/22/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Curling Up with the Good Book

All Scripture is God-breathed.
2 Timothy 3:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Timothy 3:14–17

The small country of Iceland is a nation of readers. In fact, it’s
reported that each year this nation publishes and reads more books per
person than any other country. On Christmas Eve, it’s a tradition for
Icelanders to give books to family and friends and then read long into
the night. This tradition dates back to World War II, when imports
were restricted but paper was cheap. Icelandic publishers began
flooding the market with new titles in late fall. Now a catalog of the
country’s new releases is sent to every Icelandic home in mid-
November. This tradition is known as the Christmas Book Flood.

We can be thankful God blessed so many with the ability to craft a
good story and to educate, inspire, or motivate others through their
words. There’s nothing like a good book! The best-selling book of all,
the Bible, was composed by many authors who wrote in poetry and
prose—some great stories, some not so—but all of it inspired. As the
apostle Paul reminded Timothy, “All Scripture is God-breathed and is
useful for teaching, rebuking, correcting and training in
righteousness” and equipping God’s people “for every good work” (2
Timothy 3:16–17). Reading the Bible convicts, inspires, and helps us
to live for Him—and guides us into the truth (2:15).

In our reading, let’s not forget to find time to curl up with the
greatest book of all, the Bible.

By:  Alyson Kieda

Reflect & Pray

What have you read lately that helped you learn more about or draw
closer to God? What helps you to spend time in Scripture?

God, thank You for inspiring creativity in the authors of “many
books.” I’m especially thankful for Your Book. To learn more about the
book God wrote to us, visit ChristianUniversity.org/SF105.
