http://odb.org/2014/02/25/lie-down/

“Lie Down”

He makes me to lie down in green pastures; He leads me beside the
still waters. He restores my soul. —
Psalm 23:2-3

Today's Scripture & Insight: Exodus 20:8-11

Our golden retriever can get so overly excited that he will go into a
seizure. To prevent that from happening, we try to calm him. We stroke
him, speak to him in a soothing voice, and tell him to lie down. But
when he hears “lie down,” he avoids eye contact with us and starts
complaining. Finally, with a dramatic sigh of resignation, he gives in
and plops to the floor.

Sometimes we too need to be reminded to lie down. In Psalm 23, we
learn that our Good Shepherd makes us “lie down in green pastures” and
leads us “beside the still waters.” He knows that we need the calm and
rest that these provide, even when we don’t realize it ourselves.

Our bodies are designed to have regular rest. God Himself rested on
the seventh day after His work of creation (Gen. 2:2-3; Ex. 20:9-11).
Jesus knew there was a time to minister to the crowds and a time to
rest. He instructed His disciples to “come aside . . . and rest a
while” (Mark 6:31). When we rest, we refocus and are refreshed. When
we are filling every hour with activity—even with worthwhile
things—God often gets our attention by making us “lie down.”

Rest is a gift—a good gift from our Creator who knows exactly what we
need. Praise Him that He sometimes makes us “lie down in green
pastures.”

By:  Cindy Hess Kasper

Reflect & Pray

Heavenly Father, thank You for Your care for our well-being in every
area of our lives. Help us to be rested and refreshed in You.

If we don’t come apart and rest awhile, we may just plain come apart!
—Havner
