http://odb.org/2014/01/04/situation-excellent/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Situation Excellent

The things which happened to me have actually turned out for the
furtherance of the gospel. —
Philippians 1:12

Today's Scripture & Insight: Philippians 1:3-14

At the First Battle of the Marne during World War I, French lieutenant
general Ferdinand Foch sent out this communiqué: “My center is giving
way, my right is retreating. Situation excellent. I am attacking.” His
willingness to see hope in a tough situation eventually led to victory
for his troops.

Sometimes in life’s battles we can feel as if we are losing on every
front. Family discord, business setbacks, financial woes, or a decline
in health can put a pessimistic spin on the way we look at life. But
the believer in Christ can always find a way to conclude: “Situation
excellent.”

Look at Paul. When he was thrown in prison for preaching the gospel,
he had an unusually upbeat attitude. To the church at Philippi he
wrote, “I want you to know, brethren, that the things which happened
to me have actually turned out for the furtherance of the gospel”
(Phil. 1:12).

Paul saw his prison situation as a new platform from which to
evangelize the Roman palace guard. In addition, other Christians
became emboldened by his situation to preach the gospel more
fearlessly (vv.13-14).

God can use our trials to work good in spite of the pain they bring
(Rom. 8:28). That’s just one more way He can be honored.

By:  Dennis Fisher

Reflect & Pray

Comfort us, Lord, when life’s trials assail— we fail and stumble so
often. Renew us, and help us to grow so that others may also know Your
goodness and comfort.

Trials can be God’s road to triumph.
