https://odb.org/2020/03/13/whack-a-mole/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Whack-a-Mole

Godliness with contentment is great gain.
1 Timothy 6:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: Philippians 4:10–20

You might know what it’s like. The bills keep arriving after a medical
procedure—from the anesthesiologist, the surgeon, the lab, the
facility. Jason experienced this after an emergency surgery. He
complained, “We owe thousands of dollars after insurance. If only we
can get these bills paid, then life will be good and I’ll be content!
I feel like I’m playing the arcade game Whack-a-Mole”—where plastic
moles pop up from their holes, and the player hits them wildly with a
mallet.

Life comes at us like that at times. The apostle Paul certainly could
relate. He said, “I know what it is to be in need,” yet he’d “learned
the secret of being content in any and every situation” (Philippians
4:12). His secret? “I can do all this through him who gives me
strength” (v. 13). When I was going through a particularly
discontented time, I read this on a greeting card: “If it isn’t here,
where is it?” That was a powerful reminder that if I’m not content
here and now, what makes me think I’d be if only I were in another
situation?

How do we learn to rest in Jesus? Maybe it’s a matter of focus. Of
enjoying and being thankful for the good. Of learning more about a
faithful Father. Of growing in trust and patience. Of recognizing that
life is about God and not me. Of asking Him to teach me contentment in
Him.

By:  Anne Cetas

Reflect & Pray

In what areas of your life do you need to grow in contentment? How
might you change your focus?

God, You are good and all You do is good. Teach me contentment in You.
I want to learn.
