http://odb.org/2015/02/08/whos-the-boss-2/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Who’s The Boss?

Sin shall not have dominion over you, for you are not under law but
under grace. —
Romans 6:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 6:1-14

As my wife was babysitting our two young grandsons, they began to
argue over a toy. Suddenly, the younger (by 3 years) forcefully
ordered his older brother, “Cameron, go to your room!” Shoulders
slumped under the weight of the reprimand, the dejected older brother
began to slink off to his room when my wife said, “Cameron, you don’t
have to go to your room. Nathan’s not the boss of you!” That
realization changed everything, and Cam, smiling, sat back down to
play.

As followers of Christ, the reality of our brokenness and our
inclination to sin can assume a false authority much like that younger
brother. Sin noisily threatens to dominate our hearts and minds, and
the joy drains from our relationship with the Savior.

But through the death and resurrection of Christ, that threat is an
empty one. Sin has no authority over us. That is why Paul wrote, “For
sin shall not have dominion over you, for you are not under law but
under grace” (Rom. 6:14).

While our brokenness is very real, Christ’s grace enables us to live
in a way that pleases God and expresses His transforming power to the
world. Sin is no longer our boss. We now live in the grace and
presence of Jesus. His dominion in our lives releases us from the
bondage of sin.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Thank You for Your grace, Lord, that cleanses us inside. Your grace is
greater than all our sin. We know we can’t live without it. And we’re
grateful that we don’t have to.

God pursues us in our restlessness, receives us in our sinfulness,
holds us in our brokenness. —Scotty Smith
