http://odb.org/2016/08/09/who-will-tell-them/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Who Will Tell Them?

Our Savior . . . has destroyed death and has brought life and
immortality to light through the gospel.
2 Timothy 1:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Corinthians 4:1–6

World War II had ended. Peace had been declared. But young Lieutenant
Hiroo Onoda of the Japanese Imperial Army, stationed on an island in
the Philippines, didn’t know the war had ended. Attempts were made to
track him down. Leaflets were dropped over his location, telling him
the war was over. But Onoda, whose last order in 1945 was to stay and
fight, dismissed these attempts and leaflets as trickery or propaganda
from the enemy. He did not surrender until March 1974—nearly 30 years
after the war had ended—when his former commanding officer traveled
from Japan to the Philippines, rescinded his original order, and
officially relieved Onoda of duty. Onoda finally believed the war was
over.

When it comes to the good news about Jesus Christ, many still haven’t
heard or don’t believe that He has “destroyed death and has brought
life and immortality to light through the gospel” (2 Tim. 1:10). And
some of us who have heard and believed still live defeated lives,
trying to survive on our own in the jungle of life.

Someone needs to tell them the glorious news of Christ’s victory over
sin and death. Initially, they may respond with skepticism or doubt,
but take heart. Imagine the freedom they’ll find when Christ illumines
their mind with the knowledge that the battle has been won.

By:  Poh Fang Chia

Reflect & Pray

Lord, help me to keep an open heart to listen to others and to share
about what You have done.

Will you tell someone the good news today?
