https://odb.org/2020/09/01/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Suffering Together

If one part suffers, every part suffers with it.
1 Corinthians 12:26

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Corinthians 12:14–26

In 2013, seventy-year-old James McConnell, a British Royal Marine
veteran, died. McConnell had no family, and staff from his nursing
home feared no one would attend his funeral. A man tapped to officiate
McConnell’s memorial service posted a Facebook message: “In this day
and age it is tragic enough that anyone has to leave this world with
no one to mourn their passing, but this man was family. . . . If you
can make it to the graveside . . . to pay your respects to a former
brother in arms, then please try to be there.” Two hundred Royal
Marines packed the pews!

These British compatriots exhibited a biblical truth: we’re tied to
one another. “The body is not made up of one part, but of many,” Paul
says (1 Corinthians 12:14). We’re not isolated. Just the opposite:
we’re bound in Jesus. Scripture reveals organic interconnection: “If
one member suffers, all the members suffer” (v. 26 nasb ). As
believers in Jesus, members of God’s new family, we move toward one
another into the pain, into the sorrow, into those murky places where
we would fear to go alone. But thankfully we do not go alone.

Perhaps the worst part of suffering is when we feel we’re drowning in
the dark all by ourselves. God, however, creates a new community that
suffers together. A new community where no one should be left in the
dark.

By:  Winn Collier

Reflect & Pray

When have you felt most alone? How does God’s grace, kindness, and
friendship help you deal with loneliness?

Is it true, God? Have You really placed me in a new community that
knows and loves me in my suffering? Help me to believe this. To learn
more about suffering, visit ChristianUniversity.org/CA211.
