http://odb.org/2013/04/21/one-by-one/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium
=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

One By One

Philip . . . preached Jesus to him. —
Acts 8:35

Today's Scripture: Acts 8:26-35

Edward Payson was a famous preacher in a bygone era. One stormy
Sunday, he had only one person in his audience. Some months later, his
lone attendee called on him: “I was led to the Savior through that
service,” he said. “For whenever you talked about sin and salvation, I
glanced around to see to whom you referred, but since there was no one
there but me, I had no alternative but to lay every word to my own
heart and conscience!”

God saves us one by one. If you have access to one, that is your
mission field. “Every soul with Christ is a missionary; every soul
without Christ is a mission field,” the slogan goes. One person cannot
reach the entire world, but we can love our neighbor. “Who is my
neighbor?” we ask. The next person we meet along the way.

The Spirit brought Philip to the Ethiopian eunuch who was reading the
Scriptures and needed someone to explain them to him (Acts 8:26-35).
The Spirit gave Philip the right words to say, and the eunuch
confessed his faith in Christ (v.37).

Ask God to bring you to the one He has prepared. He’ll get you to the
right place at the right time to speak to that individual. He will
speak through your lips, work through your hands, and fulfill in you
the great purpose of His will.

By:  David H. Roper

Reflect & Pray

Father, we’ve been called to witness— Called to speak of Your dear
Son; Holy Spirit, grant discernment; Lead us to some seeking one. —D.
DeHaan

You are a success in God’s kingdom if you are faithful where He has
placed you.
