http://odb.org/2013/01/18/youre-necessary/

You’re Necessary

But God composed the body, having given greater honor to that part
which lacks it. —
1 Corinthians 12:24

Today's Scripture: 1 Corinthians 12:14-26

The story has been told about a conductor who was rehearsing his
orchestra. The organ was giving a beautiful melody, the drums were
thundering, the trumpets were blaring, and the violins were singing
beautifully. But the conductor noticed something missing—the piccolo.
The piccolo player had gotten distracted and hoped his instrument
wouldn’t be missed. The conductor reminded him: “Each one of us is
necessary.”

This was essentially the same message Paul communicated to the
Corinthian believers in his first letter to them (12:4-7). Every
Christian plays an important role in the body of Christ. Paul gave a
list of gifts of the Spirit and compared their use to the functioning
of the various parts of the human body for the good of the whole
(vv.8-10). The Corinthian believers may have had different cultural
backgrounds, gifts, and personalities, but they were filled with the
same Spirit and belonged to the same body of Christ. Paul made special
mention of the parts of the body that were weak and obscure, and
taught that all believers play a necessary and significant role. No
one part was more necessary than any other.

Remember, Jesus has given you a significant part to play and will use
you to build up His people.

By:  Marvin Williams

Reflect & Pray

The church, a living body, containing all the parts— It lives, it
moves, it functions, and touches many hearts; When each part is
committed to do the Savior’s will, His members are united, His purpose
they fulfill. —Fitzhugh

As a member of the body of Christ, you are a necessary part of the
whole.
