http://odb.org/2011/03/31/valid-entry/

Valid Entry

Jesus said to him, “I am the way, the truth, and the life. No one
comes to the Father except through Me.” —
John 14:6

Today's Scripture: John 14:1-10

On a teaching trip outside the US, my wife and I were denied entry
into our country of destination because of visa problems. Although we
were under the assumption our visas had been correctly issued by the
country we planned to visit, they were deemed invalid. Despite the
efforts of several government officials, nothing could be done. We
weren’t allowed in. We were placed on the next flight back to the
States. No amount of intervention could change the fact that we did
not have the proper validation for entrance.

That experience with my visa was inconvenient, but it can’t begin to
compare with the ultimate entry rejection. I’m speaking of those who
will stand before God without valid entry into heaven. What if they
were to present the record of their religious efforts and good deeds?
That would not be enough. What if they were to call character
references? That wouldn’t work. Only one thing can give anyone entry
into heaven. Jesus said, “I am the way, the truth, and the life. No
one comes to the Father except through Me” (John 14:6).

Christ alone, through His death and resurrection, paid the price for
our sins. And only He can give us valid entry into the presence of the
Father. Have you put your faith in Jesus? Make sure you have a valid
entry into heaven.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

There aren’t many ways into heaven; The Bible says there’s only one;
Good works won’t gain anyone entrance; It’s only through faith in
God’s Son. —Sper

Only through Christ can we enter the Father’s presence.
