https://odb.org/2019/07/17/victory-parade/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Victory Parade

But thanks be to God, who always leads us as captives in Christ’s
triumphal procession.
2 Corinthians 2:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Corinthians 2:14–17

In 2016 when the Chicago Cubs baseball team won the World Series for
the first time in more than a century, some sources said that five
million people lined the parade route and gathered at a downtown rally
to celebrate the championship.

Victory parades are not a modern invention. A famous ancient parade
was the Roman Triumph, in which victorious generals led a procession
of their armies and captives through crowded streets.

Such parade imagery was likely in Paul’s mind when he wrote to the
Corinthian church thanking God for leading believers “as captives in
Christ’s triumphal procession” (2 Corinthians 2:14). I find it
fascinating that in this imagery, followers of Christ are the
captives. However, as believers we’re not forced to participate, but
are willing “captives,” willingly part of the parade led by the
victorious, resurrected Christ. As Christians, we celebrate that
through Christ’s victory, He’s building His kingdom and the gates of
hell will not prevail against it (Matthew 16:18).

When we talk about Jesus’s victory on the cross and the freedom it
gives believers, we help spread the “aroma of the knowledge of him
everywhere” (2 Corinthians 2:14). And whether people find the aroma to
be the pleasing reassurance of salvation or the odor of their defeat,
this unseen but powerful fragrance is present everywhere we go.

As we follow Christ, we declare His resurrection victory, the victory
that makes salvation available to the world.

By:  Lisa M. Samra

Reflect & Pray

What does Jesus’s victory on the cross mean to you? How are you living
out the power of His resurrection?

Jesus is our victorious King. For further study, see
christianuniversity.org/NT109-06.
