https://odb.org/2018/08/30/the-house-on-the-rock/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

The House on the Rock

When a flood came, the torrent struck that house but could not shake
it, because it was well built.
Luke 6:48

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 6:46–49

After living in their house for several years, my friends realized
that their living room was sinking—cracks appeared on the walls and a
window would no longer open. They learned that this room had been
added without a foundation. Rectifying the shoddy workmanship would
mean months of work as builders laid a new foundation.

They had the work done, and when I visited them afterwards, I couldn’t
see much difference (although the cracks were gone and now the window
opened). But I understood that a solid foundation matters.

This is true in our lives as well.

Jesus shared a parable about wise and foolish builders to illustrate
the folly of not listening to Him (Luke 6:46–49). Those who hear and
obey His words are like the person who builds a house on a firm
foundation, unlike those who hear but ignore His words. Jesus assured
His listeners that when the storms come, their house would stand.
Their faith would not be shaken.

We can find peace knowing that as we listen to and obey Jesus, He
forms a strong foundation for our lives. We can strengthen our love
for Him through reading the Bible, praying, and learning from other
Christians. Then when we face the torrents of rain lashing against
us—whether betrayal, pain, or disappointment—we can trust that our
foundation is solid. Our Savior will provide the support we need.

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

Lord God, I want to build my house on a rock. Help me to know that my
solid foundation rests in You, with Your Word giving me wisdom and
strength.

Hearing and obeying Jesus gives our lives a strong foundation.
