http://odb.org/2015/10/27/you-missed-the-chance/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

You Missed the Chance

If I have the gift of prophecy and can fathom all mysteries and all
knowledge, and if I have a faith that can move mountains, but do not
have love, I am nothing.
1 Corinthians 13:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Corinthians 13

I heard the saddest words today. Two believers in Christ were
discussing an issue about which they had differing opinions. The older
of the two seemed smug as he wielded Scripture like a weapon, chopping
away at the things he saw as wrong in the other’s life. The younger
man just seemed weary of the lecture, weary of the other person, and
discouraged.

As the exchange drew to a close, the older man commented on the
other’s apparent disinterest. “You used to be eager,” he started, and
then abruptly quit. “I don’t know what it is you want.”

“You missed the chance to love me,” the young man said. “In all the
time you’ve known me, what has seemed to matter most to you is
pointing out what you think is wrong about me. What do I want? I want
to see Jesus—in you and through you.”

Had this been said to me, I thought, I would have been devastated. In
that moment I knew the Holy Spirit was telling me there had been
people I had missed the chance to love. And I knew there were people
who couldn’t see Jesus in me either.

The apostle Paul tells us that love must be the underlying motive in
anything we do; in everything we do (1 Cor. 13:1-4). Let’s not miss
the next chance to show love.

By:  Randy Kilgore

Reflect & Pray

Ask the Holy Spirit to show you today who it is you’ve missed the
chance to love. Then ask Him to give you another opportunity. Start
your conversation with these words: “I’m sorry . . .”

Love beats lectures every time.
