https://odb.org/2018/07/19/through-the-cross/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Through the Cross

[Nothing] will be able to separate us from the love of God that is in
Christ Jesus our Lord.
Romans 8:39

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Corinthians 4:8–18

My coworker Tom keeps an 8″ by 12″ glass cross on his desk. His friend
Phil, who like Tom is a cancer survivor, gave it to him to help him
look at everything “through the cross.” The glass cross is a constant
reminder of God’s love and good purposes for him.

That’s a challenging idea for all believers in Jesus, especially
during difficult times. It’s much easier to focus on our problems than
on God’s love.

The apostle Paul’s life was certainly an example of having a cross-
shaped perspective. He described himself in times of suffering as
being “persecuted, but not abandoned; struck down, but not destroyed”
(2 Corinthians 4:9). He believed that in the hard times, God is at
work, “achieving for us an eternal glory that far outweighs them all.
So we fix our eyes not on what is seen, but on what is unseen” (vv.
17–18).

To “fix our eyes . . . on what is unseen” doesn’t mean we minimize the
problems. Paul Barnett, in his commentary on this passage, explains,
“There is to be confidence, based on the certainty of God’s purposes
for [us] . . . . On the other hand, there is the sober recognition
that we groan with hope mingled with pain.”

Jesus gave His life for us. His love is deep and sacrificial. As we
look at life “through the cross,” we see His love and faithfulness.
And our trust in Him grows.

By:  Anne Cetas

Reflect & Pray

Father, teach us who You are. Increase our trust in You. Fill our
minds with Your perspective.

Look at everything through the cross.
