https://odb.org/2019/07/30/ready-for-restoration/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

Ready for Restoration

Will you not revive us again, that your people may rejoice in you?
Psalm 85:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 85

While stationed in Germany in the army I purchased a brand-new 1969
Volkswagen Beetle. The car was a beauty! The dark green exterior
complemented the brown leatherette interior. But as the years took
their toll, stuff began to happen, including an accident that ruined
the running board and destroyed one of the doors. With more
imagination, I could have thought, “My classic car was a perfect
candidate for restoration!” And with more money, I could have pulled
it off. But that didn’t happen.

Thankfully the God of perfect vision and unlimited resources doesn’t
give up so easily on battered and broken people. Psalm 85 describes
people who were perfect candidates for restoration and the God who is
able to restore. The setting is likely after the Israelites had
returned from seventy years of exile (their punishment for rebellion
against God). Looking back, they were able to see His favor—including
His forgiveness (vv. 1–3). They were motivated to ask God for His help
(vv. 4–7) and to expect good things from Him (vv. 8–13).

Who among us doesn’t occasionally feel battered, bruised, broken? And
sometimes it’s because of something we’ve done to ourselves. But
because the Lord is the God of restoration and forgiveness, those who
humbly come to Him are never without hope. With open arms He welcomes
those who turn to Him; and those who do, find safety in His arms.

By:  Arthur Jackson

Reflect & Pray

Are there signs in your life that restoration is in order? What’s your
response to the God of restoration?

Lord, help me not to ignore the signs that restoration is needed in my
life.
