https://odb.org/2020/07/28/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Trusting God in Times of Sorrow

I know whom I have believed.
2 Timothy 1:12

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Timothy 1:6–12

When a man known as “Papa John” learned he had terminal cancer, he and
his wife, Carol, sensed God calling them to share their illness
journey online. Believing that God would minister through their
vulnerability, they posted their moments of joy and their sorrow and
pain for two years.

When Carol wrote that her husband “went into the outstretched arms of
Jesus,” hundreds of people responded, with many thanking Carol for
their openness. One person remarked that hearing about dying from a
Christian point of view was healthy, for “we all have to die” someday.
Another said that although she’d never met the couple personally, she
couldn’t express how much encouragement she’d received through their
witness of trusting God.

Although Papa John sometimes felt excruciating pain, he and Carol
shared their story so they could demonstrate how God upheld them. They
knew their testimony would bear fruit for God, echoing what Paul wrote
to Timothy when he suffered: “I know whom I have believed, and am
convinced that he is able to guard what I have entrusted to him until
that day” (2 Timothy 1:12).

God can use even the death of a loved one to strengthen our faith in
Him (and the faith of others) through the grace we receive in Christ
Jesus (v. 9). If you’re experiencing anguish and difficulty, know that
He can bring comfort and peace.

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

How have you experienced God’s joy even in times of deep sorrow? How
do you explain this? How could you share what you learned with others?

Heavenly Father, fan into flame the gift of faith in me, that I might
share with love and power my testimony of how You work in my life.
