https://odb.org/2020/06/11/perspectives-from-above/?utm_source=feedbur
ner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread
%29

Perspectives from Above

I will not yield my glory to another.
Isaiah 48:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 48:5–11, 17

When Peter Welch was a young boy in the 1970s, using a metal detector
was only a hobby. But since 1990, he’s been leading people from around
the world on metal-detecting excursions. They’ve made thousands of
discoveries—swords, ancient jewelry, coins. Using “Google Earth,” a
computer program based on satellite imagery, they look for patterns in
the landscape on farmland in the United Kingdom. It shows them where
roads, buildings, and other structures may have been centuries ago.
Peter says, “To have a perspective from above opens a whole new
world.”

God’s people in Isaiah’s day needed “a perspective from above.” They
prided themselves on being His people yet were disobedient and refused
to give up their idols. God had another perspective. Despite their
rebellion, He would rescue them from captivity to Babylon. Why? “For
my own sake, . . . I will not yield my glory to another” (Isaiah
48:11). God’s perspective from above is that life is for His glory and
purpose—not ours. Our attention is to be given to Him and His plans
and to pointing others to praise Him too.

Having God’s glory as our own life’s perspective opens a whole new
world. Only He knows what we will discover about Him and what He has
for us. God will teach us what is good for us and lead us along the
paths we should follow (v. 17).

By:  Anne Cetas

Reflect & Pray

What can you praise God for today? How might you go about having God
increase in your life and you decrease?

God, I want my life to be about You and not myself. Teach me and
change me. To learn about obtaining a biblical worldview, visit
bit.ly/2lBDstL.
