https://odb.org/2018/02/03/change-a-life/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

How to Change a Life

Gracious words are a honeycomb, sweet to the soul and healing to the
bones.
Proverbs 16:24

Today's Scripture & Insight: Proverbs 15:4; 16:24; 18:21

Sometimes our lives can change in a moment through the powerful impact
of others. For rock ’n’ roll legend Bruce Springsteen, it was the work
of musical artists that helped him through a difficult childhood and a
persistent struggle with depression. He found meaning in his own work
through the truth he’d experienced firsthand, that “You can change
someone’s life in three minutes with the right song.”

Like a compelling song, others’ well-chosen words can also give us
hope, even change the course of our lives. I’m sure most of us could
share stories of a conversation that forever impacted our lives—words
from a teacher that changed the way we saw the world, words of
encouragement that restored our confidence, gentle words from a friend
that carried us through a difficult time.

Perhaps this is why the book of Proverbs spends so much time
emphasizing our responsibility to treasure words and use them wisely.
Scripture never treats speech as if it’s “just talk.” Instead, we are
taught that our words can have life-or-death consequences (18:21). In
just a few words we could crush someone’s spirit, or, through words of
wisdom and hope, nourish and strengthen others (15:4).

Not all of us have the ability to create powerful music. But we each
can seek God’s wisdom to serve others through our speech (Psalm
141:3). With just a few well-chosen words, God can use us to change a
life.

By:  Monica La Rose

Reflect & Pray

Lord, help us never to take for granted the powerful gift of language.
May we use our words wisely to heal and strengthen others and point to
the hope we have in You.

God has given us the power to have an impact on lives through our
words.
