http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/odb/feed/~3/uRF9sd31vEw/

Cleaning House

Rid yourselves of all malice and all deceit, hypocrisy, envy, and
slander of every kind.
1 Peter 2:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Peter 1:22–2:5

Recently, I switched rooms in the home I rent. This took longer than
expected, because I didn’t want to simply transfer my (extensive) mess
to a new room; I wanted a completely fresh and uncluttered start.
After hours and hours of cleaning and sorting, bags of stuff sat by
the front door to be thrown away, donated, or recycled. But at the end
of this exhausting process was a beautiful room I was excited to spend
time in.

My housecleaning project gave me a fresh perspective when reading 1
Peter 2:1, as paraphrased in The Message: “So, clean house! Make a
clean sweep of malice and pretense, envy, and hurtful talk.”
Interestingly, it’s after a joyful confession of their new life in
Christ (1:1–12) that Peter urges them to throw away destructive habits
(1:13–2:3). When our walk with the Lord feels cluttered and our love
for others feels strained, this shouldn’t cause us to question our
salvation. We don’t change our lives to be saved, but because we are
(1:23).

As real as our new life in Christ is, bad habits learned do not
disappear overnight. So, on a daily basis, we need to “clean house,”
throwing away all that prevents us from fully loving others (1:22) and
growing (2:2). Then, in that new, clean space, we can experience the
wonder of being freshly built (v. 5) by Christ’s power and life.

By:  Monica La Rose

Reflect & Pray

Heavenly Father, thank You for the new life You are building in us
through our Lord Jesus. Help us to daily turn to You for cleansing and
renewal.

Every day we can reject destructive habits and experience new life in
Jesus.
