http://odb.org/2013/03/17/who-owns-my-lips/

Who Owns My Lips?

Let the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart be acceptable
in Your sight, O Lord. —
Psalm 19:14

Today's Scripture: Psalm 12

The difference between a compliment and flattery is often motive. A
compliment offers genuine appreciation for a quality or action seen in
another person. The goal of flattery is usually self-advancement
through gaining the favor of someone else. Compliments seek to
encourage; flattery attempts to manipulate.

In Psalm 12, David lamented his society in which godly, faithful
people had disappeared and been replaced by those who speak
deceitfully “with flattering lips and a double heart” (v.2). They had
said, “With our tongue we will prevail; our lips are our own; who is
lord over us?” (v.4).

The question “Who owns my lips?” is a good one to ask ourselves when
we’re tempted to use insincere praise to get what we want. If my lips
are my own, I can say what I please. But if the Lord owns my lips,
then my speech will mirror His words, which the psalmist described as
“pure words, like silver tried in a furnace of earth, purified seven
times” (v.6).

Perhaps a good way to show who owns our lips would be to begin each
day with David’s prayer from another psalm: “Let the words of my mouth
and the meditation of my heart be acceptable in Your sight, O Lord, my
strength and my Redeemer” (Ps. 19:14).

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

A careless word may kindle strife, A cruel word may wreck a life; A
timely word may lessen stress, A loving word may heal and bless.
—Anon.

He who guards his mouth preserves his life. —Proverbs 13:3
