https://odb.org/2019/09/18/turn-and-run/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Turn and Run

Resist [the devil], standing firm in the faith.
1 Peter 5:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Peter 5:8–10

Ali was a beautiful, smart, and talented teenager with loving parents.
But after high school something prompted her to try heroin. Her
parents noticed changes in her and sent her to a rehabilitation
facility after Ali eventually admitted the impact it was having on
her. After treatment, they asked what she would tell her friends about
trying drugs. Her advice: “Just turn and run.” She urged that “just
saying no” wasn’t enough.

Tragically, Ali relapsed and died at age twenty-two of an overdose. In
an attempt to keep others from the same fate, her heartbroken parents
appeared on a local news program encouraging listeners to “run for
Ali” by staying far from situations where they could be exposed to
drugs and other dangers.

The apostle Paul urged his spiritual son Timothy (and us) to run from
evil (2 Timothy 2:22), and the apostle Peter likewise warned, “Your
enemy the devil prowls around like a roaring lion looking for someone
to devour. Resist him, standing firm in the faith” (1 Peter 5:8–9).

None of us is immune to temptation. And often the best thing to do is
to steer clear of situations where we’ll be tempted—though they can’t
always be avoided. But we can be better prepared by having a strong
faith in God based in the Bible and strengthened through prayer. When
we “[stand] firm in the faith” we’ll know when to turn and run to Him.

By:  Alyson Kieda

Reflect & Pray

In what area(s) are you particularly susceptible to temptation? What
has helped you to resist?

Dear God, there are so many temptations out there. Help us to watch
and pray so that we won’t fall. And thank You for welcoming us back
when we do.
