http://odb.org/2016/08/12/shaping-your-thoughts/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Shaping Your Thoughts

Do not conform to the pattern of this world, but be transformed by the
renewing of your mind.
Romans 12:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 12:1–8

When Marshall McLuhan coined the phrase “the medium is the message” in
1964, personal computers were unknown, mobile phones were science
fiction, and the Internet didn’t exist. Today we understand what great
foresight he had in predicting how our thinking is influenced in this
digital age. In Nicholas Carr’s book The Shallows: What the Internet
Is Doing to Our Brains, he writes, “[The media] supply the stuff of
thought, but they also shape the process of thought. And what the Net
seems to be doing is chipping away my capacity for concentration and
contemplation. Whether I’m online or not, my mind now expects to take
in information the way the Net distributes it: in a swiftly moving
stream of particles.”

I like J. B. Phillips’s paraphrase of Paul’s message to the Christians
in Rome: “Don’t let the world around you squeeze you into its own
mould, but let God re-mould your minds from within, so that you may
prove in practice that the plan of God for you is good, meets all his
demands and moves towards the goal of true maturity” (Rom. 12:2). How
relevant this is today as we find our thoughts and the way our minds
process material affected by the world around us.

We cannot stem the tide of information that bombards us, but we can
ask God each day to help us focus on Him and to shape our thinking
through His presence in our lives.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Father in heaven, still and focus my mind, quiet my heart, and fill me
with Your thoughts throughout this day.

Let God’s Spirit, not the world, shape your mind.
