http://odb.org/2017/02/25/wholehearted/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Wholehearted!

Because my servant Caleb has a different spirit and follows me
wholeheartedly, I will bring him into the land he went to, and his
descendants will inherit it.
Numbers 14:24

Today's Scripture & Insight: Numbers 13:26–32; 14:20–24

Caleb was a “wholehearted” person. He and Joshua were part of a
twelve-man reconnaissance team that explored the Promised Land and
gave a report to Moses and the people. Caleb said, “We should go up
and take possession of the land, for we can certainly do it” (Num.
13:30). But ten members of the team said they couldn’t possibly
succeed. In spite of God’s promises, they saw only obstacles (vv.
31–33).

Ten men caused the people to lose heart and grumble against God, which
led to forty years of wandering in the desert. But Caleb never quit.
The Lord said, “Because my servant Caleb has a different spirit and
follows me wholeheartedly, I will bring him into the land he went to,
and his descendants will inherit it” (14:24). Forty-five years later
God honored His promise when Caleb, at the age of 85, received the
city of Hebron “because he followed the Lord, the God of Israel,
wholeheartedly” (Josh. 14:14).

Centuries later an expert in the law asked Jesus, “Which is the
greatest commandment in the Law?” Jesus replied, “ ‘Love the Lord your
God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your
mind.’ This is the first and greatest commandment” (Matt. 22:35–38).

Today Caleb is still inspiring us with his confidence in a God who
deserves our wholehearted love, reliance, and commitment.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Lord, may we love You wholeheartedly today and follow You every day of
our journey on this earth.

Commitment to Christ is a daily calling.
