https://odb.org/2019/04/30/of-saints-and-sinners/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

Of Saints and Sinners

The third time [Jesus] said to him, “Simon son of John, do you love
me?” . . . [Peter] said, “Lord, you know all things; you know that I
love you.”
John 21:17

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 22:54–62

Before she followed in the footsteps of John the Baptist by living in
the desert, Mary of Egypt (c. ad 344–421) spent her youth pursuing
illicit pleasures and seducing men. At the height of her sordid
career, she journeyed to Jerusalem in an attempt to corrupt pilgrims.
Instead, she experienced deep conviction of her sins and thereafter
lived a life of repentance and solitude in the wilderness. Mary’s
radical transformation illustrates the magnitude of God’s grace and
the restoring power of the cross.

The disciple Peter denied Jesus three times. Only hours before the
denials, Peter had declared his willingness to die for Jesus (Luke
22:33), so the realization of his failure was a crushing blow (vv.
61–62). After Jesus’s death and resurrection, Peter was fishing with
some of the disciples when Jesus appeared to them. Jesus gave Peter a
chance to declare his love for Him three times—one for each of his
denials (John 21:1–3). Then, with each declaration, Jesus charged
Peter to care for His people (vv. 15–17). The result of this stunning
display of grace was that Peter played a key role in building the
church and ultimately gave his life for Christ.

A biography of any one of us could begin with a litany of our failures
and defeats. But God’s grace always allows for a different ending. By
His grace, He redeems and transforms us.

By:  Remi Oyedele

Reflect & Pray

In what ways have you experienced God’s transforming grace? How can
you express His grace toward others?

God’s grace transforms us from sinners to saints.
