https://odb.org/2019/05/07/someone-who-leads/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Someone Who Leads

As surely as the Lord lives and as you live, I will not leave you.
2 Kings 2:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Kings 2:1–6

Who do you think of when you hear the word mentor? For me, it’s Pastor
Rich. He saw my potential and believed in me when I didn’t believe in
myself. He modeled how to lead by serving in humility and love. As a
result, I am now serving God by mentoring others.

The prophet Elijah played a critical role in Elisha’s growth as a
leader. Elijah found him plowing a field and invited him to be his
protégé after God told him to anoint Elisha as his successor (1 Kings
19:16, 19). The young mentee watched his mentor perform incredible
miracles and obey God no matter what. God used Elijah to prepare
Elisha for a lifetime of ministry. Toward the end of Elijah’s life,
Elisha had the opportunity to leave. Instead, he chose to renew his
commitment to his mentor. Three times Elijah offered to release Elisha
from his duties, yet each time he refused, saying, “As surely as the
Lord lives and as you live, I will not leave you” (2 Kings 2:2, 4, 6).
As a result of Elisha’s faithfulness, he too was used by God in
extraordinary ways.

We all need someone who models what it means to follow Jesus. May God
give us godly men and women who help us grow spiritually. And may we
too, by the power of His Spirit, invest our lives in others.

By:  Estera Pirosca Escobar

Reflect & Pray

Who are mentors that are currently building into you or who have
built into your life? Why is it vital for us to mentor others in
Jesus?

Father God, thank You for placing people in our lives to challenge and
encourage us. Help us to do the same for others.
