http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/odb/feed/~3/r1IuSMsnfVI/

Peace and Trust

Peace I leave with you; my peace I give you. I do not give to you as
the world gives. Do not let your hearts be troubled and do not be
afraid.
John 14:27

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 26:1– 9

When I was six years old I rode a roller coaster for the first time
with my older brothers. As soon as we hit a turn at a high speed I
started to yell: “Stop this thing right now! I want to get off!” Of
course the roller coaster didn’t stop, and I had to “white knuckle”
it, hanging on tight for the rest of the ride.

Sometimes life can feel like an unwanted roller coaster ride, with
“downhill” drops and hairpin curves we never see coming. When
unexpected difficulties occur, the Bible reminds us that our best
recourse is to place our trust in God. It was in a tumultuous time
when invasion threatened his country that the prophet Isaiah, inspired
by the Spirit, discerned this powerful promise from the Lord: “You
will keep in perfect peace those whose minds are steadfast, because
they trust in you” (Isa. 26:3).

The peace our Savior gives us as we turn to Him “transcends all
understanding” (Phil. 4:7). I will never forget the words of a woman
who was struggling with breast cancer. After a group from our church
prayed for her one evening, she said, “I don’t know what will happen,
but I know that I’ll be okay, because the Lord was here with us
tonight.”

Life will have its difficulties, but our Savior, who loves us more
than life, is greater than them all.

By:  James Banks

Reflect & Pray

Lord, help me to trust in You so that I may live in peace. For help,
read Navigating the Storms of Life at discoveryseries.org/hp061.

Jesus is our peace.
