https://odb.org/2019/11/28/a-sincere-thank-you/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Sincere Thank You

I will give thanks to you, Lord, with all my heart; I will tell of all
your wonderful deeds.
Psalm 9:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 9:1–2, 7–10

In preparation for Xavier’s first job interview, my husband, Alan,
handed our son a pack of thank-you cards for him to send out after he
met with prospective employers. He then pretended to be a hiring
interviewer, using his decades of experience as a manager to ask
Xavier questions. After the role-playing, our son tucked several
copies of his resume into a folder. He smiled when Alan reminded him
about the cards. “I know,” he said. “A sincere thank-you note will set
me apart from all the other applicants.”

When the manager called to hire Xavier, he expressed gratitude for the
first hand-written thank-you card he’d received in years.

Saying thanks makes a lasting impact. The psalmists’ heartfelt prayers
and grateful worship were preserved in the book of Psalms. Though
there are one hundred and fifty psalms, these two verses reflect a
message of thankfulness: “I will give thanks to you, Lord , with all
my heart; I will tell of all your wonderful deeds. I will be glad and
rejoice in you; I will sing the praises of your name, O Most High”
(Psalm 9:1–2).

We will never be able to finish expressing our gratitude for all God’s
wonderful deeds. But we can start with a sincere thank you through our
prayers. We can nurture a lifestyle of grateful worship, praising God
and acknowledging all He’s done and all He promises He’ll do.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

What would you like to thank God for on this day He’s made? How can
writing down prayers of thanks help us cultivate a spirit of gratitude
in all circumstances?

Generous and loving God, please help us acknowledge the countless and
wonderful ways You work.
