https://odb.org/2018/08/14/riding-the-rapids/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Riding the Rapids

When you pass through the rivers, they will not sweep over you.
Isaiah 43:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 43:1–7

The rafting guide escorted our group to the river’s edge and directed
us all to put on life jackets and grab paddles. As we climbed into the
boat, he assigned us seats to balance the boat’s weight, providing
stability when we encountered rapids. After highlighting the thrills
the watery voyage ahead would hold for us, he detailed a series of
directions we could expect to hear—and would need to follow—to
effectively steer the boat through the white water. He assured us that
even though there might be tense moments on the way, our journey would
be both exciting and safe.

Sometimes life feels like a white-water rafting trip, one that
contains more rapids than we might like. God’s promise to Israel,
through the prophet Isaiah, can guide our feelings when we fear the
worst is happening: “When you pass through the rivers, they will not
sweep over you” (Isaiah 43:2). The Israelites faced an overwhelming
fear of rejection by God as they went into exile as a consequence of
their sin. Yet instead, He affirms them and promises to be with them
because He loves them (vv. 2, 4).

God won’t abandon us in the rough waters. We can trust Him to guide us
through the rapids—our deepest fears and most painful troubles—because
He also loves us and promises to be with us.

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

Thank You, Lord, for being my guide through troubled waters. Help me
to trust You even when the journey is wild and scary. Has the Lord
guided you through a difficult time? Share your story at
Facebook.com/ourdailybread.

God steers us through difficult times.
