https://odb.org/2019/09/21/name-of-names/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Name of Names

God exalted [Jesus] to the highest place and gave him the name that is
above every name.
Philippians 2:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: Exodus 6:1–8

The name of Antonio Stradivari (1644–1737) is legendary in the world
of music. His violins, cellos, and violas are so treasured for their
craftsmanship and clarity of sound that many have been given their own
names. One of them, for instance, is known as the Messiah-Salabue
Stradivarius. After violinist Joseph Joachim (1831–1907) played it, he
wrote, “The sound of the Strad, that unique ‘Messie,’ turns up again
and again in my memory, with its combined sweetness and grandeur.”

Even the name and sound of a Stradivarius, however, doesn’t deserve to
be compared to the work of a far greater Source. From Moses to Jesus,
the God of gods introduces Himself with a name above all names. For
our sake, He wants the wisdom and work of His own hand to be
recognized, valued, and celebrated with the sound of music (Exodus
6:1; 15:1–2).

Yet this deliverance of strength in response to the groans of a
troubled people was only a beginning. Who could have foreseen that, by
the weakness of crucified hands, He would one day leave a legacy of
eternal and infinite value? Could anyone have predicted the resulting
wonder and grandeur of music sung in praise of the name of One who
died—bearing the insult of our sin and rejection—to show how much He
loves us?

By:  Mart DeHaan

Reflect & Pray

In what ways can you see the hand of a Master patiently shaping your
life to put His name on you? What is He doing today to remind you that
you’re His child?

Father in heaven, please do something in and through us today that
helps others see that we owe everything to You.
