https://odb.org/2019/09/11/better-than-ever-2/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Better Than Ever

Therefore we do not lose heart. Though outwardly we are wasting away,
yet inwardly we are being renewed day by day.
2 Corinthians 4:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Corinthians 4:16–5:9

The Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris is a spectacular building. Its
architecture is spellbinding, and its stained-glass windows and
beautiful interior features are breathtaking. But after centuries of
towering over the Paris landscape, it needed renovation—which had
begun when a devastating fire caused extensive damage to the glorious
old building.

So the people who love this eight-century-old landmark are coming to
its rescue. More than a billion dollars has been raised to restore the
building. The stone structure must be shored up. The damaged interior
and its prized artifacts need to be repaired. The effort is
worthwhile, though, because for many this ancient cathedral stands as
a symbol of hope.

What’s true of buildings is also true of us. Our bodies, like this old
church, will eventually look a bit worse for wear! But as the apostle
Paul explains, there’s good news: while we might gradually lose the
physical vibrancy of youth, the core of who we are—our spiritual
being—can be continually renewed and growing (2 Corinthians 4:16).

As “we make it our goal to please [the Lord]” (5:9), relying on the
Holy Spirit to fill and transform us (3:18; Ephesians 5:18), our
spiritual growth need never stop—no matter what our “building” looks
like.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

Where have you seen the Spirit renewing your spiritual being? How does
the knowledge that our spiritual growth never stops inspire you?

God, thank You for Your Spirit renewing and transforming us. Please
continue to give us the strength and courage to rest in You.
