https://odb.org/2017/11/01/who-is-this-2/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Who Is This?

They were terrified and asked each other, “Who is this? Even the wind
and the waves obey him!”
Mark 4:41

Today's Scripture & Insight: Mark 4:35–41

“Remove everything from your desks, take out a piece of paper and
pencil.” When I was a student these dreaded words announced that “test
time” had come.

In Mark 4, we read that Jesus’s day, which started with teaching by
the seaside (v. 1), ended with a time of testing on the sea (v. 35).
The boat that had been used as a teaching platform was used to
transport Jesus and a handful of His followers to the other side of
the sea. During the journey (while an exhausted Jesus slept in the
back of the boat), they encountered a swirling storm (v. 37). Drenched
disciples woke Jesus with the words, “Teacher, don’t you care if we
drown?” (v. 38). Then it happened. The One who had exhorted the crowds
to “Listen!” earlier in the day (v. 3), uttered a simple, powerful
command to the winds of nature—“Quiet! Be still!” (v. 39).

The wind obeyed and the wonder of fear-filled disciples was displayed
with the words, “Who is this?” (v. 41). The question was a good one
but it would take them a while to honestly and correctly conclude that
Jesus was God’s Son. Sincere, honest, open-hearted questions and
experience lead people to the same conclusion today. He is more than a
teacher to listen to; He is the God to be worshiped.

By:  Arthur Jackson

Reflect & Pray

Father, thank You for Your Word that helps us to see Jesus as Your
Son. Please help me to listen to You and to trust that You are in
control. Our Daily Bread welcomes writer Arthur Jackson! Meet Arthur
and all our authors at odb.org/all-authors.

“Teacher, I will follow you wherever you go.” Matthew 8:19
