https://odb.org/2020/09/17/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Don’t Be Deceived

[The devil] is a liar and the father of lies.
John 8:44

Today's Scripture & Insight: Genesis 3:1–7

The spotted lanternfly is a pretty insect with speckled outer wings
and a splotch of bright red on its inner wings that flashes when it
flies. But its beauty is a bit deceptive. This insect, first seen in
the US in 2014, is considered invasive to North America, which means
it has the potential to harm the environment and economy. The
lanternfly will “eat the innards of practically any woody plant,”
which includes cherry and other fruit trees, and leaves a sticky goo
that leads to mold—killing trees outright or leaving them with little
energy to grow fruit.

In the story of Adam and Eve, we learn of a different kind of menace.
The serpent, Satan, deceived the couple into disobeying God and eating
the forbidden fruit so they would “be like God” (Genesis 3:1–7). But
why listen to a serpent? Did his words alone entice Eve, or was there
also something attractive about him? Scripture hints at Satan being
created beautiful (Ezekiel 28:12). Yet Satan fell by the same
temptation he used to entice Eve: “I will make myself like [God]”
(Isaiah 14:14; Ezekiel 28:9).

Any beauty Satan now has is used to deceive (Genesis 3:1; John 8:44; 2
Corinthians 11:14). Just as he fell, he seeks to pull others down—or
keep them from growing. But we have someone far more powerful on our
side! We can run to Jesus, our beautiful Savior.

By:  Alyson Kieda

Reflect & Pray

When have you been deceived by a person or group’s seemingly
attractive idea? What helps you to recognize deception?

Dear God, help me to weigh what I see and hear by the truths of the
gospel. Thank You for triumphing over evil through the cross.
