https://odb.org/2020/02/04/god-sized-love/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

God-Sized Love

If you love those who love you, what reward will you get?
Matthew 5:46

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 5:43–48

I once visited an impoverished neighborhood of Santo Domingo in the
Dominican Republic. Homes were made of corrugated iron, with
electrical wires dangling live above them. There I had the privilege
of interviewing families and hearing how churches were helping to
combat unemployment, drug use, and crime.

In one alleyway I climbed a rickety ladder to a small room to
interview a mother and her son. But just a moment later someone rushed
up, saying, “We must leave now.” A machete-wielding gang leader was
apparently gathering a mob to ambush us.

We visited a second neighborhood, but there we had no problem. Later I
discovered why. As I visited each home, a gang leader stood outside
guarding us. It turned out his daughter was being fed and educated by
the church, and because believers were standing by her, he stood by
us.

In the Sermon on the Mount, Jesus presents a standard of love that’s
beyond comparison. This kind of love embraces not just the “worthy”
but the undeserving (Matthew 5:43–45), reaching beyond family and
friends to touch those who can’t or won’t love us back (vv. 46–47).
This is God-sized love (v. 48)—the kind that blesses everyone.

As believers in Santo Domingo live out this love, neighborhoods are
starting to change. Tough hearts are warming to their cause. That’s
what happens when God-sized love comes to town.

By:  Sheridan Voysey

Reflect & Pray

How would you describe the difference between human love and godly
love? Who can you bless today who can’t repay you?

Jesus, pour Your love into me so I may pour it out to others—even to
those who can’t repay the favor.
