http://odb.org/2013/01/07/fully-equipped/

Fully Equipped

All Scripture is given by inspiration of God . . . that the man of God
may be complete, thoroughly equipped for every good work. —
2 Timothy 3:16-17

Today's Scripture: 2 Timothy 3:14-17

Karl Elsener, a Swiss designer of surgical equipment in the 19th
century, worked for years on perfecting a military knife. Today his
Swiss Army Knife is associated with excellence in blades and a variety
of utilities. One model includes knife blades, a saw, scissors, a
magnifying glass, a can opener, a screwdriver, a ruler, a toothpick, a
writing pen, and more—all in one knife! If you are out camping in the
wild, this one item can certainly make you feel equipped for survival.

We need something to equip us to survive spiritually in this sinful
world. God has given us His Word, a kind of spiritual knife for the
soul. Paul writes: “All Scripture is given by inspiration of God, and
is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for
instruction in righteousness, that the man of God may be complete,
thoroughly equipped for every good work” (2 Tim. 3:16-17).

The word translated equipped means to “furnish or fit completely.” How
does the Bible equip us for life’s journey? It provides spiritual
truth in doctrine; reproof in showing our imperfections; correction by
revealing our sinful failures; and instruction in living a righteous
life. There’s not a more valuable tool than God’s Word to make us
fully equipped for spiritual survival and personal growth.

By:  Dennis Fisher

Reflect & Pray

Lord, thank You for equipping us with Your inspired Word. You’ve given
us the tools we need to live for You. Help us to take time to read it
and to follow what You tell us. Amen.

The Bible contains the nutrients we need for a healthy soul.
