http://odb.org/2015/12/04/worry-free/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium
=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Worry-Free

Do not fret because of those who are evil.
Psalm 37:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 37:1-9

Trying to stay aware of current events has its downside because bad
news sells better than good news. It’s easy to become overly concerned
about the criminal acts of individuals, crowds, or governments over
whom we have no control.

Psalm 37 gives perspective to the daily news. David begins by saying,
“Do not fret because of those who are evil” (v. 1). Then he proceeds
to outline for us some alternatives to becoming overly anxious. In
essence, David suggests a better way of thinking about negative news
in our world.

What would happen if, instead of worrying about events beyond our
control, we chose to trust in the Lord? (v. 3). Wouldn’t we be better
off to “take delight in the Lord” (v. 4) rather than fret without
limits? Imagine the freedom from worry we could have if we would
“commit [our] way to the Lord” (v. 5). And how calm we could be by
learning to “be still before the Lord and wait patiently for him”! (v.
7).

News of trouble we cannot change offers us an opportunity to set
boundaries for our concerns. As we trust God, commit our ways to Him,
and rest in Him, our outlook brightens. The struggles and trials may
not disappear, but we will discover that He gives us His peace in the
midst of them.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

Lord, we see danger and trouble all around us. Help us not to worry
but instead to trust and rest in You. Show us the peace that comes
from waiting patiently on You.

Obstacles give us the opportunity to trust God.
