http://odb.org/2012/11/06/the-romance/

The Romance

“There is a [grandson] born to Naomi.” And they called his name Obed.
He is the father of Jesse, the father of David. —
Ruth 4:17

Today's Scripture: Ruth 3:1-11

Widows in biblical times often faced a life of poverty. That’s the
situation Ruth and her mother-in-law, Naomi, were in after each woman
lost her husband. But God had a plan to provide security for them
while involving Ruth as an integral part of a much bigger plan.

Boaz, a wealthy landowner, knew of and admired Ruth (Ruth 2:5-12), but
he was surprised when he awoke one night to see her lying at his feet
(3:8). She asked him to “spread the corner” of his garment over her to
indicate that as a close relative he was willing to be her “kinsman-
redeemer” (v.9 NIV). This was more than a request for protection; she
was requesting marriage. Boaz agreed to marry her (vv.11-13; 4:13).

Not exactly your typical romantic tale. But Ruth’s choice to follow
Naomi’s instructions (3:3-6) set up a series of events that placed her
in God’s plan of redemption! From Ruth’s marriage to Boaz came a son
(Obed), the eventual grandfather of King David (4:17). Generations
later, Joseph was born to the family, and he became the “legal father”
of Mary’s child (Matt. 1:16-17; Luke 2:4-5)—our Kinsman-Redeemer,
Jesus.

Ruth trusted God and followed Naomi’s instructions even though the
ending was uncertain. We too can count on God to provide for us when
life is unsure.

By:  Cindy Hess Kasper

Reflect & Pray

Lord, give us humility and sensitivity to listen to advice from loved
ones who know You well. Show us the right thing to do in our uncertain
times and to trust You for the results. Amen.

Fear hinders faith, but trust kindles confidence.
