http://odb.org/2014/05/28/the-crash/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=
feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Crash

He will bring me forth to the light; I will see His righteousness. —
Micah 7:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: Micah 7:8-9,18-20

For years after the Great Depression, the stock market struggled to
win back investors’ confidence. Then, in 1952, Harry Markowitz
suggested that investors spread their stock holdings over several
companies and industries. He developed a theory for portfolio
selection that helped investors in uncertain times. In 1990, Markowitz
and two others won the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences for
their theory.

Like those jittery investors, we followers of Jesus may also find
ourselves frozen in fear after a “crash” in our personal lives, unsure
how to pick up the pieces and move on. We might even spend our
remaining lives waiting for a “Markowitz moment,” when one big idea or
action can help us recover from a previous failure.

We forget that Jesus has already done that on our behalf. He covered
our shame, and He set us free to fellowship with God and serve Him
daily. Because He gave His life, and rose from the dead, when we
“fall,” we can “arise” with Him, for “He delights in mercy” (Micah
7:8,18).

The moment we find Jesus, our eternity with Him begins. He walks
alongside us so He can change us into the people we long to be and
were created to be.

By:  Randy Kilgore

Reflect & Pray

Father, my actions aren’t adequate to fix my failures. Thank You for
doing that through Your Son Jesus who gave Himself for us. Help me to
look up and walk with You.

Look up from your failure, and you’ll find God standing ready to
receive you.
