http://odb.org/2013/02/23/no-simple-recipe/

No Simple Recipe

For we do not have a High Priest who cannot sympathize with our
weaknesses, but was in all points tempted as we are, yet without sin.
—
Hebrews 4:15

Today's Scripture: Hebrews 4:11-16

For our grandson’s birthday, my wife baked and decorated a gigantic
chocolate chip cookie to serve at his party. She got out her cookbook,
gathered the ingredients, and began to follow the simple steps
involved in making cookies. She followed a simple recipe and
everything turned out well.

Wouldn’t it be nice if life was like that? Just follow a few easy
steps and then enjoy a happy life.

But life is not so simple. We live in a fallen world and there is no
easy recipe to follow that will ensure a life free of pain, loss,
injustice, or suffering.

In the midst of life’s pain, we need the personal care of the Savior
who lived in this world and experienced the same struggles we face.
Hebrews 4:15 encourages us: “For we do not have a High Priest who
cannot sympathize with our weaknesses, but was in all points tempted
as we are, yet without sin.” Christ, who died to give us life, is
completely sufficient to carry us through our heartaches and dark
experiences. He has “borne our griefs and carried our sorrows” (Isa.
53:4).

Jesus knows there is no simple “recipe” to prevent the heartaches of
life, so He entered into them with us. Will we trust Him with our
tears and grief?

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

When the trials of this life make you weary And your troubles seem too
much to bear, There’s a wonderful solace and comfort In the silent
communion of prayer. —Anon.

The Christ who died to give us life will carry us through its
heartaches.
