http://odb.org/2013/09/16/gods-will/

God’s Will

The steps of a good man are ordered by the Lord, and He delights in
his way. —
Psalm 37:23

Today's Scripture: Psalm 37:23-40

We’re often looking for God’s will—especially when we’re in a
difficult situation. We wonder, What will happen to me here? Should I
stay or does God want me somewhere else? The only way to know for sure
is to do what He asks you to do right now—the duty of the present
moment—and wait for God to reveal the next step.

As you obey what you know, you will be strengthened to take the next
step and the next. Step by step, one step at a time. That’s how we
learn to walk with God.

But you say, “Suppose I take the first step. What will happen next?”
That’s God’s business. Your task and mine is to obey this day and
leave the future to Him. The psalmist says our steps are “ordered by
the Lord” (37:23). This day’s direction is all we need. Tomorrow’s
instruction is of no use to us at all. George MacDonald said, “We do
not understand the next page of God’s lesson book; we see only the one
before us. Nor shall we be allowed to turn the leaf until we have
learned its lesson.”

If we concern ourselves with God’s will and obey each day the
directions and warnings He gives, if we walk by faith and step out in
the path of obedience, we will find that God will lead us through this
day. As Jesus put it, “Tomorrow will worry about its own things”
(Matt. 6:34).

By:  David H. Roper

Reflect & Pray

God knows each winding way I take, And every sorrow, pain, and ache;
His children He will not forsake— He knows and loves His own. —Bosch

Blessed is the person who finds out which way God is moving and then
goes in that direction.
