http://odb.org/2015/09/06/to-be-continued-3/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

To Be Continued . . .

Death has been swallowed up in victory.
1 Corinthians 15:54

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Corinthians 15:50-58

Growing up in the 1950s, I often attended the Saturday matinee at a
local movie theater. Along with cartoons and a feature film, there was
an adventure serial that always ended with the hero or heroine facing
an impossible situation. There seemed to be no way out, but each
episode concluded with the words “To Be Continued . . . ”

The apostle Paul was no stranger to life-threatening situations. He
was imprisoned, beaten, stoned, and shipwrecked as he sought to take
the good news of Jesus Christ to people. He knew that someday he would
die, but he never considered that to be the end of the story. Paul
wrote to the followers of Jesus in Corinth, “When the perishable has
been clothed with the imperishable, and the mortal with immortality,
then the saying that is written will come true: ‘Death has been
swallowed up in victory’ ” (1 Cor. 15:54). The passion of Paul’s life
was telling others that Jesus our Savior gave His life on the cross so
that through faith in Him we can receive forgiveness for all our sins
and have eternal life.

We are not like the movie hero who always escapes certain death. The
day will come when our earthly lives will end either by death or
Christ’s return. But by God’s grace and mercy, the story of your life
and mine is “to be continued.”

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Father, we praise You for Your gift of eternal life and say with Paul,
“Thanks be to God! He gives us the victory through our Lord Jesus
Christ” (1 Cor. 15:57).

In life and death, Christ is our hope.
