https://odb.org/2018/02/24/blooming/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=
feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Blooming in the Right Spot

So Jonathan made a covenant with the house of David.
1 Samuel 20:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Samuel 20:30–34

“A weed is any plant that grows where you don’t want it,” my father
said, handing me the hoe. I wanted to leave the corn plant that had
“volunteered” among the peas. But Dad, who had grown up on a farm,
instructed me to pull it out. That lone cornstalk would do nothing but
choke the peas and rob them of nutrients.

Human beings aren’t plants—we have minds of our own and God-given free
will. But sometimes we try to bloom where God doesn’t intend us to be.

King Saul’s son, the warrior-prince Jonathan, could have done that. He
had every reason to expect to be king. But he saw God’s blessing on
David, and he recognized the envy and pride of his own father (1
Samuel 18:12–15). So rather than grasping for a throne that would
never be his, Jonathan became David’s closest friend, even saving his
life (19:1–6; 20:1–4).

Some would say that Jonathan gave up too much. But how would we prefer
to be remembered? Like the ambitious Saul, who clung to his kingdom
and lost it? Or like Jonathan, who protected the life of a man who
would become an honored ancestor of Jesus?

God’s plan is always better than our own. We can fight against it and
resemble a misplaced weed. Or we can accept His direction and become
flourishing, fruitful plants in His garden. He leaves the choice with
us.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Lord, please forgive us for those times when we act as if You have
planted us in the wrong place. Help us see what You have for us to do
today.

God invites us to participate with Him in taking the gospel to our
world.
