http://odb.org/2015/03/09/cat-gate/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=f
eed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Cat Gate

I am the door. If anyone enters by Me, he will be saved, and will go
in and out and find pasture. —
John 10:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 10:1-10

My husband, Jay, and I have a new family member—a 2-month-old tabby
cat named Jasper. To keep our new kitten safe, we’ve had to break some
old habits, like leaving doors open. But one thing remains a
challenge: the open stairway. Cats like to climb. Even as kittens,
they know that the world looks better when you’re looking down on it.
So whenever I have Jasper downstairs with me, she is determined to go
upstairs. Trying to keep her confined to a safe place near me has
tested my ingenuity. Gates that work with children and dogs do not
work with cats.

My cat gate dilemma brings to mind the metaphor Jesus used to describe
Himself: “I am the gate for the sheep,” He said (John 10:7 niv).
Middle Eastern sheepfolds were enclosures with an opening for the
sheep to go in and out. At night, when the sheep were safely inside,
the shepherd would lie in the opening so that neither sheep nor
predators could get past him.

Although I want to keep Jasper safe, I am not willing to make myself
the gate. I have other things to do. But that’s what Jesus Christ does
for us. He places Himself between us and our enemy, the devil, to
protect us from spiritual harm.

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

Thank You, Jesus, for being my gate. Through You I have salvation and
by Your power I am safe from spiritual harm. Surround me with Your
protection. I trust in You.

The closer to the Shepherd, the farther from the wolf.
