https://odb.org/2019/12/17/lord-of-the-nails/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Lord of the . . . Nails?

It is God who arms me with strength and keeps my way secure.
Psalm 18:32

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 18:30–36

I was getting into my car when the glint caught my eye: a nail,
embedded in my rear tire’s sidewall. I listened for the telltale
whistle of air. Thankfully, the hole was plugged—at least for the
moment.

As I drove to a tire store, I wondered: How long has that nail been
there? Days? Weeks? How long have I been protected from a threat I
didn’t even know existed?

We can sometimes live under the illusion that we’re in control. But
that nail reminded me we’re not.

But when life feels out of control and unstable, we have a God whose
reliability we can trust. In Psalm 18, David praises God for watching
over him (vv. 34–35). David confesses, “It is God who arms me with
strength. . . . You provide a broad path for my feet, so that my
ankles do not give way” (vv. 32, 36). In this poem of praise, David
celebrates God’s sustaining presence (v. 35).

I personally don’t march into combat like David; I even go out of my
way not to take unnecessary risks. Still, my life is often chaotic.

But I can rest in the knowledge that, though God doesn’t promise us
protection from all of life’s difficulties, He always knows where I
am. He knows where I’m going and what I’ll encounter. And He’s the
Lord of it all—even the “nails” of our lives.

By:  Adam R. Holz

Reflect & Pray

When has God protected you from something that you didn’t even know
about? How did He watch over your way or help you stay clear of that
threat?

Father, help us to remember daily that You know every step we take.
Help us to trust in Your provision for every potential problem or
sudden setback we face today.
