http://odb.org/2015/03/15/god-is-listening-2/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

God Is Listening

My voice You shall hear in the morning, O Lord; in the morning I will
direct it to You, and I will look up. —
Psalm 5:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 5

The day before Billy Graham’s interview in 1982 on The Today Show, his
director of public relations, Larry Ross, requested a private room for
Graham to pray in before the interview. But when Mr. Graham arrived at
the studio, his assistant informed Ross that Mr. Graham didn’t need
the room. He said, “Mr. Graham started praying when he got up this
morning, he prayed while eating breakfast, he prayed on the way over
in the car, and he’ll probably be praying all the way through the
interview.” Ross later said, “That was a great lesson for me to learn
as a young man.”

Prayerfulness is not an event; it is a way of being in relationship
with God. This kind of intimate relationship is developed when God’s
people view prayerfulness as a way of life. The Psalms encourage us to
begin each day by lifting our voice to the Lord (Ps. 5:3); to fill our
day with conversations with God (55:17); and in the face of
accusations and slander, to give ourselves totally to prayer (109:4).
We develop prayer as a way of life because we desire to be with God
(42:1-4; 84:1-2; 130:5-6).

Prayer is our way of connecting with God in all life’s circumstances.
God is always listening. We can talk to Him any time throughout the
day.

By:  Marvin Williams

Reflect & Pray

Thinking It Over What is one major obstacle to developing your prayer
life? What changes do you sense God wants to make in your heart so
that you see prayer as a way of life?

In prayer, God hears more than your words— He listens to your heart.
