https://odb.org/2021/02/03/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Waiting for a Blessing

Though it linger, wait for it.
Habakkuk 2:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: Habakkuk 1:12–2:4

A popular restaurant in Bangkok serves soup from a broth that has been
cooking for forty-five years and is replenished a bit each day. The
practice, called “perpetual stew,” dates back to medieval times. Just
as some “leftovers” taste better a few days later, the extended
cooking time blends and creates unique flavors. The restaurant has won
multiple awards for the most delicious broth in Thailand.

Good things often take time, but our human nature struggles with
patience. The question “How long?” occurs throughout the Bible. One
poignant example is from the prophet Habakkuk, who begins his book by
asking, “How long, L ord , must I call for help, but you do not
listen?” (Habakkuk 1:2). Habakkuk (whose name means “grappler”)
prophesied God’s judgment on his country (Judah) through the invasion
of the ruthless Babylonian Empire, and he wrestled with how God could
allow corrupt people to prosper as they exploited others. But God
promised hope and restoration in His own time: “For the revelation [of
God’s help] awaits an appointed time . . . . Though it linger,
wait for it; it will certainly come and will not delay” (2:3).

The Babylonian captivity lasted seventy years. By human reckoning
that’s a long time, but God is always faithful and true to His Word.

Some of God’s best blessings may be long in coming. Though they
linger, keep looking to Him! He prepares every blessing with perfect
wisdom and care—and He’s always worth waiting for.

By:  James Banks

Reflect & Pray

What blessings are you waiting for from God? How do you plan to
worship Him regardless of when blessings come?

Abba, Father, thank You for Your kindness and faithfulness in every
season and blessing of life. Help me to look forward to You most of
all.
