http://odb.org/2015/07/19/eulogize-the-living-god/?utm_source=feedburn
er&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%
29

Eulogize the Living God

Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who has
blessed us with every spiritual blessing in the heavenly places in
Christ. —
Ephesians 1:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ephesians 1:3-14

In 2005, when American civil rights hero Rosa Parks died, Oprah
Winfrey counted it a privilege to eulogize her. Oprah said of the
woman who refused to give up her bus seat to a white man in 1955, “I
often thought about what that took—knowing the climate of the times
and what could have happened to you—what it took to stay seated. You
acted without concern for yourself and made life better for us all.”

We often use the word eulogy to refer to the words spoken at a
funeral. But it can also refer to other situations where we give high
praise to someone. In the opening lines of Ephesians, the apostle Paul
eulogized the living God. When he said, “Blessed be the God and
Father,” he used a word for “blessed” that means “eulogy.” Paul
invited the Ephesians to join him in praising God for all kinds of
spiritual blessings: God had chosen and adopted them; Jesus had
redeemed, forgiven, and made known to them the mystery of the gospel;
and the Spirit had guaranteed and sealed them. This great salvation
was purely an act of God and His grace.

Let us continue to center our thoughts on God’s blessings in Christ.
When we do, like Paul, we will find our hearts overflowing with a
eulogy that declares: “To the praise of His glory.”

By:  Marvin Williams

Reflect & Pray

Blessed Father, I am overwhelmed by Your grace. My only adequate
response is ceaseless praise. Thank You for choosing me, adopting me,
redeeming me, forgiving me, and making known to me the mystery of the
gospel.

Praise is the song of a soul set free.
