https://odb.org/2021/05/05/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

It’s Who You Know

I consider everything a loss because of the surpassing worth of
knowing Christ Jesus my Lord.
Philippians 3:8

Today's Scripture & Insight: Philippians 3:7–11

In early 2019, Charlie VanderMeer died at the age of eighty-four. For
many decades, he was known to thousands and thousands of people as
Uncle Charlie, the host of the national radio broadcast Children’s
Bible Hour. The day before Uncle Charlie slipped into eternity, he
told a good friend, “It’s not what you know, it’s who you know. Of
course, I’m talking about Jesus Christ.”

Even as he faced the end of his life, Uncle Charlie couldn’t help but
talk about Jesus and the necessity for people to receive Him as their
Savior.

The apostle Paul considered knowing Jesus his most important task: “I
consider everything a loss because of the surpassing worth of knowing
Christ Jesus my Lord, for whose sake I have lost all things. I
consider them garbage, that I may gain Christ and be found in him”
(Philippians 3:8–9). And how do we know Jesus? “If you declare with
your mouth, ‘Jesus is Lord,’ and believe in your heart that God raised
him from the dead, you will be saved” (Romans 10:9).

We may know facts about Jesus, we may know all about the church, and
we may even be familiar with the Bible. But the only way to know Jesus
as Savior is to accept His free gift of salvation. He’s the Who we
need to know.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

In your relationship with Jesus, how have you experienced that it’s
Who you know, not what? What has Christ’s forgiveness meant to you?

Father God, I pray for all who’ve yet to come to know Jesus by
believing in Him and accepting His sacrifice on their behalf. And if
I’m one who hasn’t received Jesus as my Savior, may I confess with my
mouth “Jesus is Lord” today. To learn more about who Jesus is, visit
ChristianUniversity.org/NT109-03.
