https://odb.org/2019/05/18/we-need-each-other/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

We Need Each Other

Let the peace of Christ rule in your hearts, since as members of one
body you were called to peace.
Colossians 3:15

Today's Scripture & Insight: Colossians 3:12–17

While on a hike with my kids, we discovered a light, springy green
plant growing in small clumps on the trail. According to a signpost,
the plant is commonly called deer moss, but it’s not actually a moss
at all. It’s a lichen. A lichen is a fungus and an alga growing
together in a mutualistic relationship in which both organisms benefit
from each other. Neither the fungus nor the alga can survive on its
own, but together they form a hardy plant that can live in some alpine
areas for up to 4,500 years. Because the plant can withstand drought
and low temperatures, it’s one of the only food sources for caribou
(reindeer) in deep winter.

The relationship between the fungus and the alga reminds me of our
human relationships. We rely on each other. To grow and flourish, we
need to be in relationship with each other.

Paul, writing to believers in Colossae, describes how our
relationships should look. We are to clothe ourselves with
“compassion, kindness, humility, gentleness and patience” (Colossians
3:12). We ought to forgive each other and live in peace “as members of
one body” (v. 15).

It’s not always easy to live in peace with our families or friends.
But when the Spirit empowers us to exhibit humility and forgiveness in
our relationships, our love for each other points to Christ (John
13:35) and brings glory to God.

By:  Amy Peterson

Reflect & Pray

In what ways do your relationships point to Jesus? How can you pursue
peace?

Holy Spirit, fill us with compassion, kindness, humility, gentleness,
and patience toward each other so the world may see Your love in us.
