http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/odb/feed/~3/2DUbvRjEwmk/

Fifteen-Minute Challenge

Turn my heart toward your statutes.
Psalm 119:36

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 119:33–40

Dr. Charles W. Eliot, longtime president of Harvard University,
believed that ordinary people who read consistently from the world’s
great literature for even a few minutes a day could gain a valuable
education. In 1910, he compiled selections from books of history,
science, philosophy, and fine art into fifty volumes called The
Harvard Classics. Each set of books included Dr. Eliot’s Reading Guide
titled “Fifteen Minutes A Day” containing recommended selections of
eight to ten pages for each day of the year.

What if we spent fifteen minutes a day reading God’s Word? We could
say with the psalmist, “Turn my heart toward your statutes and not
toward selfish gain. Turn my eyes away from worthless things; preserve
my life according to your word” (Ps. 119:36–37).

Fifteen minutes a day adds up to ninety-one hours a year. But for
whatever amount of time we decide to read the Bible each day,
consistency is the secret and the key ingredient is not perfection but
persistence. If we miss a day or a week, we can start reading again.
As the Holy Spirit teaches us, God’s Word moves from our minds to our
hearts, then to our hands and feet—taking us beyond education to
transformation.

“Teach me, Lord, the way of your decrees, that I may follow it to the
end” (v. 33).

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

I turn to You, the Author, to teach me as I read Your Word today. I
want to hear from You, to know You, and to grow closer to You. Join
the Fifteen-Minute Bible Reading Challenge! Visit
Facebook.com/ourdailybread.

The Bible is the only Book whose Author is always present when it is
read.
