https://odb.org/2019/12/31/beautiful-fruit/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Beautiful Fruit

The seed is the word of God.
Luke 8:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 8:4–8, 11–15

“Kids should be able to throw a seed anywhere they want [in the
garden] and see what pops up,” suggests Rebecca Lemos-Otero, founder
of City Blossoms. While this is not a model for careful gardening, it
reflects the reality that each seed has the potential to burst forth
with life. Since 2004, City Blossoms has created gardens for schools
and neighborhoods in low-income areas. The kids are learning about
nutrition and gaining job skills through gardening. Rebecca says,
“Having a lively green space in an urban area . . . creates a way for
kids to be outside doing something productive and beautiful.”

Jesus told a story about the scattering of seed that had the potential
of producing “a hundred times more than was sown” (Luke 8:8). That
seed was God’s good news planted on “good soil,” which He explained is
“honest, good-hearted people who hear God’s word, cling to it, and
patiently produce a huge harvest” (v. 15 nlt ).

The only way we can be fruitful, Jesus said, is to stay connected to
Him (John 15:4). As we’re taught by Christ and cling to Him, the
Spirit produces in us His fruit of “love, joy, peace, forbearance,
kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness and self-control”
(Galatians 5:22–23). He uses the fruit He produces in us to touch the
lives of others, who are then changed and grow fruit from their own
lives. This makes for a beautiful life.

By:  Anne Cetas

Reflect & Pray

How are you staying connected to Jesus? What fruit do you want Him to
produce in you?

I want a beautiful life, Father. Please produce Your fruit in me that
I might live a life that points others to You.
