https://odb.org/2020/08/08/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

His Death Brings Life

If anyone is in Christ, the new creation has come: The old has gone,
the new is here!
2 Corinthians 5:17

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Corinthians 5:14–21

During her ministry to men incarcerated in South Africa’s most violent
prison, Joanna Flanders-Thomas witnessed the power of Christ to
transform hearts. In Vanishing Grace, Philip Yancey describes her
experience: “Joanna started visiting prisoners daily, bringing them a
simple gospel message of forgiveness and reconciliation. She earned
their trust, got them to talk about their abusive childhoods, and
showed them a better way of resolving conflicts. The year before her
visits began, the prison recorded 279 acts of violence against inmates
and guards; the next year there were two.”

The apostle Paul wrote, “If anyone is in Christ, the new creation has
come: The old has gone, the new is here!” (2 Corinthians 5:17). While
we may not always see that newness expressed as dramatically as
Flanders-Thomas did, the gospel’s power to transform is the greatest
hope-providing force in the universe. New creations. What an amazing
thought! The death of Jesus launches us on a journey of becoming like
Him—a journey that will culminate when we see Him face-to-face (see 1
John 3:1–3).

As believers in Jesus we celebrate our life as new creations. Yet we
must never lose sight of what that cost Christ. His death brings us
life. “God made him who had no sin to be sin for us, so that in him we
might become the righteousness of God” (2 Corinthians 5:21).

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

How has Jesus’ transforming work been evidenced in your life? What
areas of your life are still in need of that “new creation” impact?

Loving Father, thank You that, because of what Jesus accomplished on
the cross, I am a new creation. Forgive me for the times I return to
the old things that need to pass away.
