http://odb.org/2013/02/01/heart-attitude/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Heart Attitude

Not with eyeservice, as men-pleasers, but as bondservants of Christ,
doing the will of God from the heart. —
Ephesians 6:6

Today's Scripture: Ephesians 6:5-9

I love watching the skill and passion of great athletes as they give
their all on the field. It shows their love for the game. Conversely,
when a long season is winding down and a team is already eliminated
from any opportunity for championship or playoff games, sometimes it
seems that the players are merely “going through the motions.” Their
lack of passion can be disappointing to fans who have paid to watch a
good game.

Passion is a key aspect of our personal lives as well. Our heart
attitude toward the Lord is revealed in how we serve Him. The apostle
Paul said that our service includes the way we go about our daily
work. In Ephesians 6:6-7, we read that we are to approach our work,
“not with eyeservice, as men-pleasers, but as bondservants of Christ,
doing the will of God from the heart, with goodwill doing service, as
to the Lord, and not to men.”

For me, the key in that verse is “from the heart.” I have a heavenly
Father who loves me deeply and sacrificed His Son for me. How can I do
anything less than give my very best for Him? The passion to live for
God that comes “from the heart” provides our best response to the One
who has done so much for us.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Father, every day offers opportunities for me to express my love for
You. May the passion with which I live, work, serve, and relate to
others be a fitting expression of my gratitude for Your love for me.
In Jesus’ name, amen.

The love of God motivates us to live for God.
