https://odb.org/2020/11/08/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

People Forget

Remember how the Lord your God led you all the way.
Deuteronomy 8:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: Deuteronomy 8:2, 10–18

A woman complained to her pastor that she’d noticed a lot of
repetition in his sermons. “Why do you do that?” she queried. The
preacher replied, “People forget.”

There are lots of reasons we forget—the passage of time, growing
older, or just being too busy. We forget passwords, names of people,
or even where we parked our car. My husband says, “There’s only so
much I can fit in my brain. I have to delete something before I can
remember something new.”

The preacher was right. People forget. So we often need reminders to
help us remember what God has done for us. The Israelites had a
similar tendency. Even with the many miracles they’d seen, they still
needed to be reminded of His care for them. In Deuteronomy 8, God
reminded the Israelites that He’d allowed them to experience hunger in
the wilderness, but then provided an amazing superfood for them every
day—manna. He supplied clothing that never wore out. He led them
through a wilderness of snakes and scorpions and provided water from a
rock. They’d learned humility, as they realized how totally dependent
they were on God’s care and provision (vv. 2–4, 15–18).

God’s faithfulness “continues through all generations” (Psalm 100:5).
Whenever we find ourselves forgetting, we can think about the ways
He’s answered our prayers, and that reminds us of His goodness and
faithful promises.

By:  Cindy Hess Kasper

Reflect & Pray

In what areas do you struggle to trust God? What Bible verses help you
to remember how much He cares for you?

Dear Father, thank You for always being faithful. Help me to trust You
in whatever I face today.
