http://odb.org/2015/01/06/mistakes-made-beautiful/?utm_source=feedburn
er&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%
29

Mistakes Made Beautiful

[Jesus] touched his ear and healed him. —
Luke 22:51

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 22:39-51

Early in his career, jazz player Herbie Hancock was invited to play in
the quintet of Miles Davis, already a musical legend. In an interview,
Hancock admitted being nervous but described it as a wonderful
experience because Davis was so nurturing. During one performance,
when Davis was near the high point of his solo, Hancock played the
wrong chord. He was mortified, but Davis continued as if nothing had
happened. “He played some notes that made my chord right,” Hancock
said.

What an example of loving leadership! Davis didn’t scold Hancock or
make him look foolish. He didn’t blame him for ruining the
performance. He simply adjusted his plan and turned a potentially
disastrous mistake into something beautiful.

What Davis did for Hancock, Jesus did for Peter. When Peter cut off
the ear of one of the crowd who had come to arrest Jesus, Jesus
reattached the ear (Luke 22:51), indicating that His kingdom was about
healing, not hurting. Time after time Jesus used the disciples’
mistakes to show a better way.

What Jesus did for His disciples, He also does for us. And what He
does for us, we can do for others. Instead of magnifying every
mistake, we can turn them into beautiful acts of forgiveness, healing,
and redemption.

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

Lord, You understand how prone we are to make selfish and foolish
mistakes. Forgive us and restore us. Please, for Your name’s sake, use
even the worst aspects of our lives for Your glory.

Jesus longs to turn our mistakes into amazing examples of His grace.
