https://odb.org/2019/06/03/night-watches/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Night Watches

On my bed I remember you; I think of you through the watches of the
night.
Psalm 63:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 63:1–8

During my college days, my summers were spent working at a guest ranch
in the stunningly beautiful mountains of Colorado. On a rotating
basis, staff members were assigned “night watch” duty—to keep an eye
out for forest fires in order to protect the guests as they slept.
What initially seemed to be an exhausting and thankless task became a
unique opportunity for me to be still, reflect, and find solace in the
majesty of God’s presence.

King David earnestly sought and thirsted for the presence of God
(Psalm 63:1), even from his bed and through the “watches of the night”
(v. 6). The psalm makes it clear David was troubled. It’s possible the
words contained in it reflect his deep sadness over the rebellion of
his son Absalom. Yet the night became a time for David to find help
and restoration in the “shadow of [God’s] wings” (v. 7)—in His power
and presence.

Perhaps you’re dealing with some crisis or difficulty in your life,
and the night watches have been anything but comforting. Perhaps your
own “Absalom” weighs heavy on your heart and soul. Or other burdens of
family, work, or finances plague your times of rest. If so, consider
these sleepless moments to be opportunities to call out and cling to
God—allowing His loving hand to uphold you (v. 8).

By:  Evan Morgan

Reflect & Pray

How do God’s promises encourage you when you face challenges that keep
you awake at night? How can the night watches draw you closer to Him?

Dear God, thank You for always being awake and present with me in
every night watch.
