http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/odb/feed/~3/aIHhgfzFMXM/

God’s Radiant Beauty

For since the creation of the world God’s invisible qualities—his
eternal power and divine nature—have been clearly seen, being
understood from what has been made.
Romans 1:20

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 1:18–25

Lord Howe Island is a small paradise of white sands and crystal waters
off Australia’s east coast. When I visited some years ago, I was
struck by its beauty. Here, one could swim with turtles and with fish
like the shimmering trevally, while moon wrasses drifted nearby,
flashing their neon colors like a billboard. In its lagoon I found
coral reefs full of bright orange clownfish and yellow-striped
butterfly fish that rushed to kiss my hand. Overwhelmed by such
splendor, I couldn’t help but worship God.

The apostle Paul gives the reason for my response. Creation at its
best reveals something of God’s nature (Rom. 1:20). The wonders of
Lord Howe Island were giving me a glimpse of His own power and beauty.

When the prophet Ezekiel encountered God, he was shown a radiant Being
seated on a blue throne surrounded by glorious colors (Ezek. 1:25–28).
The apostle John saw something similar: God sparkling like precious
stones, encircled by an emerald rainbow (Rev. 4:2–3). When God reveals
Himself, He is found to be not only good and powerful but beautiful
too. Creation reflects this beauty the way a piece of art reflects its
artist.

Nature often gets worshiped instead of God (Rom. 1:25). What a
tragedy. Instead, may earth’s crystal waters and shimmering creatures
point us to the One standing behind them who is more powerful and
beautiful than anything in this world.

By:  Sheridan Voysey

This article may not have a prayer section.




