http://odb.org/2011/08/13/master-craftsman/

Master Craftsman

The vessel that he made of clay was marred in the hand of the potter;
so he made it again into another vessel, as it seemed good to the
potter. —
Jeremiah 18:4

Today's Scripture: Jeremiah 18:1-10

When my wife and I were engaged, her dad gave us a special wedding
present. As a watchmaker and jeweler, he made our wedding rings. To
make my wedding band, Jim used gold scraps left over from resizing
other rings—scraps that were seemingly without much value. But in the
hands of this craftsman, those pieces became a thing of beauty that I
cherish to this day. It is amazing what a master craftsman can do with
what others might view as useless.

That is also how God works in our lives. He is the greatest Master
Craftsman of all, taking the wasted pieces and broken shards of our
lives and restoring them to worth and meaning. The prophet Jeremiah
described this when he compared God’s work to that of a potter working
clay: “The vessel that he made of clay was marred in the hand of the
potter; so he made it again into another vessel, as it seemed good to
the potter to make” (Jer. 18:4).

No matter what messes we have made of our lives, God can remold us
into vessels that are good in His eyes. As we confess any sin and
submit ourselves in obedience to His Word, we allow the Master to do
His redemptive work in our lives (2 Tim. 2:21). That is the only way
for the pieces of our brokenness to be made whole and good once again.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Have Thine own way, Lord! Have Thine own way! Thou art the Potter, I
am the clay; Mold me and make me after Thy will, While I am waiting,
yielded and still. —Pollard

Broken things can become blessed things if you let God do the mending.
