https://odb.org/2021/04/03/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Riding the Waves

Who is like you, Lord God Almighty? You, Lord, are mighty and your
faithfulness surrounds you.
Psalm 89:8

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 89:5–17

As my husband strolled down the rocky beach taking photos of the
Hawaiian horizon, I sat on a large rock fretting over another medical
setback. Though my problems would be waiting for me when I returned
home, I needed peace in that moment. I stared at the incoming waves
crashing against the black, jagged rocks. A dark shadow in the curve
of the wave caught my eye. Using the zoom option on my camera, I
identified the shape as a sea turtle riding the waves peacefully. Its
flippers spread wide and still. Turning my face into the salty breeze,
I smiled.

The “heavens praise [God’s] wonders” (Psalm 89:5). Our incomparable
God rules “over the surging sea; when its waves mount up, [God] stills
them” (v. 9). He “founded the world and all that is in it” (v. 11). He
made it all, owns it all, manages it all, and purposes it all for His
glory and our enjoyment.

Standing on the foundation of our faith—the love of our unchanging
Father—we can “walk in the light of [His] presence” (v. 15). God
remains mighty in power and merciful in His dealings with us. We can
rejoice in His name all day long (v. 16). No matter what obstacles we
face or how many setbacks we have to endure, God holds us as the waves
rise and fall.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

When facing rough waves in life, how can reflecting on God’s wonders
fill you with peace, courage, and confidence in His ongoing presence
and sufficient care? What situations do you need to release to God as
you ride the waves of life?

Father, thank You for empowering me to ride the waves of life with
courageous faith, anchored in Your proven faithfulness.
