https://odb.org/2020/03/04/live-wire/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium
=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Live Wire

We were eyewitnesses of his majesty.
2 Peter 1:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: Mark 9:2–10

“I felt like I had touched a live wire,” said Professor Holly Ordway,
describing her reaction to John Donne’s majestic poem “Holy Sonnet
14.” There’s something happening in this poetry, she thought. I wonder
what it is. Ordway recalls it as the moment her previously atheistic
worldview allowed for the possibility of the supernatural. Eventually
she would believe in the transforming reality of the resurrected
Christ.

Touching a live wire—that must have been how Peter, James, and John
felt on the day Jesus took them to a mountaintop, where they witnessed
a dramatic transformation. Christ’s “clothes became dazzling white”
(Mark 9:3) and Elijah and Moses appeared—an event we know today as the
transfiguration.

Descending from the mountain, Jesus told the disciples not to tell
anyone what they’d seen until He’d risen (v. 9). But they didn’t even
know what He meant by “rising from the dead” (v. 10).

The disciples’ understanding of Jesus was woefully incomplete, because
they couldn’t conceive of a destiny that included His death and
resurrection. But eventually their experiences with their resurrected
Lord would utterly transform their lives. Late in his life, Peter
described his encounter with Christ’s transfiguration as the time when
the disciples were first “eyewitnesses of his majesty” (2 Peter 1:16).

As Professor Ordway and the disciples learned, when we encounter
the power of Jesus we touch a “live wire.” There’s something happening
here. The living Christ beckons us.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

What are some of your “live wire” experiences: moments when you
encountered God in a radically new way? How has your knowledge of Him
changed over time?

Father, when we approach You in prayer, we come to what we don’t
comprehend. Forgive us for taking for granted the majesty of Your
presence. To learn more about the life of Jesus, visit
christianuniversity.org/NT111.
