https://odb.org/2019/05/15/why/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&
utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

When All Seems Lost

My God, my God, why have you forsaken me?
Psalm 22:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 22:1–5

In just six months, Gerald’s life fell apart. An economic crisis
destroyed his business and wealth, while a tragic accident took his
son’s life. Overcome by shock, his mother had a heart attack and died,
his wife went into depression, and his two young daughters remained
inconsolable. All he could do was echo the words of the psalmist, “My
God, my God, why have you forsaken me?” (Psalm 22:1).

The only thing that kept Gerald going was the hope that God, who
raised Jesus to life, would one day deliver him and his family from
their pain to an eternal life of joy. It was a hope that God would
answer his desperate cries for help. In his despair, like the psalmist
David, he determined to trust God in the midst of his suffering. He
held on to the hope that God would deliver and save him (vv. 4–5).

That hope sustained Gerald. Over the years, whenever he was asked how
he was, he could only say, “Well, I’m trusting God.”

God honored that trust, giving Gerald the comfort, strength, and
courage to keep going through the years. His family slowly recovered
from the crisis, and soon Gerald welcomed the birth of his first
grandchild. His cry is now a testimony of God’s faithfulness. “I’m no
longer asking, ‘Why have you forsaken me?’ God has blessed me.”

When it seems there’s nothing left, there’s still hope.

By:  Leslie Koh

Reflect & Pray

What will help you to remember and cling to God’s sure and certain
hope of deliverance? How has trusting in God sustained you in a
difficult challenge?

Whenever I feel abandoned and alone, I cling to the hope You’ve given
me through Christ’s resurrection, that I will be delivered to eternal
joy one day.
