http://odb.org/2000/07/15/why-the-ascension/

Why The Ascension?

If I do not go away, the Helper will not come to you; but if I depart,
I will send Him to you. —
John 16:7

Today's Scripture: John 16:5-15; Luke 24:50-53

God raised Jesus from the grave and exalted Him to His right hand in
heaven (Ephesians 1:20). Yet for 40 days Jesus made many bodily
appearances to His disciples. But the 40th day was different. With His
disciples looking on, He slowly ascended into the sky until a cloud
hid Him from view (Acts 1:9).

Why didn’t Jesus continue His visible appearances on earth? He had
told His disciples that the Holy Spirit would not begin His work until
after He left (John 16:7). The time had come for His followers to
trust His word instead of relying on their physical senses (20:25,29).
Their Master’s slow, visible, and final ascent was a dramatic way of
saying to them that a new era was about to begin.

From heaven Jesus would send the Holy Spirit to replace His bodily
presence. Christ would form the church and rule as its Head (Ephesians
1:22-23). By His Spirit, He would live within His followers and fill
them with peace and power. In heaven He would intercede for them
before the Father’s throne (Hebrews 7:25). He would no longer be
visibly present, but He would still be with them in a very real way
(Matthew 28:19-20).

The same is true for every believer today. That’s why we can be
thankful that Jesus ascended to heaven.

By:  Herbert Vander Lugt

Reflect & Pray

He who came to save us, He who bled and died, Now is crowned with
glory at His Father's side; Nevermore to suffer, nevermore to die,
Jesus, King of glory, is gone up on high. —Havergal

Jesus ascended to heaven that He might continue His work on earth.
