http://odb.org/2011/12/19/all-is-well/

All Is Well

I will never leave you nor forsake you. —
Hebrews 13:5

Today's Scripture: Psalm 46:1-3

Recently, my husband and I were reacquainted with a young man we had
known as a child many years ago. We fondly reminisced about a
Christmas program when Matthew had sung—in a perfect boy soprano—the
song “All Is Well” by Wayne Kirkpatrick and Michael W. Smith. It was a
wonderful memory of a song beautifully sung.

All is well, all is well; Lift up your voice and sing. Born is now
Emmanuel, Born is our Lord and Savior. Sing Alleluia, sing Alleluia,
all is well.

To hear the words of that song at Christmastime is comforting to many.
But some people are unable to absorb the message because their lives
are in turmoil. They’ve experienced the loss of a loved one,
persistent unemployment, a serious illness, or depression that will
not go away. Their hearts loudly cry out, “All is not well—not for
me!”

But for those of us who celebrate the birth of our Savior—despite the
dark night of the soul we may experience—all is well because of
Christ. We are not alone in our pain. God is beside us and promises
never to leave (Heb. 13:5). He promises that His grace will be
sufficient (2 Cor. 12:9). He promises to supply all our needs (Phil.
4:19). And He promises us the amazing gift of eternal life (John
10:27-28).

As we review God’s promises, we can agree with the poet John Greenleaf
Whittier, who wrote, “Before me, even as behind, God is, and all is
well.”

By:  Cindy Hess Kasper

This article may not have a prayer section.




