https://odb.org/2020/03/07/more-than-meets-the-eye/?utm_source=feedbur
ner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread
%29

More than Meets the Eye

Now you are the body of Christ, and each one of you is a part of it.
1 Corinthians 12:27

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Corinthians 12:20–27

Attend any rodeo with riding and roping competition and you’ll see
them—competitors with four fingers on one hand and a nub where their
thumb should be. It’s a common injury in the sport—a thumb gets caught
between a rope on one end and a decent-sized steer pulling on the
other, and the thumb is usually the loser. It’s not a career-ending
injury, but the absence of a thumb changes things. Without using your
thumb, try to brush your teeth or button a shirt or comb your hair or
tie your shoes or even eat. That little overlooked member of your body
plays a significant role.

The apostle Paul indicates a similar scenario in the church. Those
often less visible and frequently less vocal members sometimes
experience an “I don’t need you” response from the others (1
Corinthians 12:21). Usually this is unspoken, but there are times when
it’s said aloud.

God calls us to have equal concern and respect for one another (v.
25). Each and every one of us is a part of Christ’s body (v. 27),
regardless of the gifting we’ve received, and we need each other. Some
of us are eyes and ears, so to speak, and some of us are thumbs. But
each of us plays a vital role in the body of Christ, sometimes more
than meets the eye.

By:  John Blase

Reflect & Pray

If you’re an “eye,” what’s one way you could encourage a “thumb”? And
if you think you’re a lesser member, why not memorize 1 Corinthians
12:27, an important scriptural truth.

Father, forgive us for our failure to remember that each of us is a
member of the body of Christ. We’re the members, and You and You alone
are the Head.
