http://odb.org/2012/07/06/stop/

Stop!

I have calmed and quieted my soul, like a weaned child with his
mother; like a weaned child is my soul within me. —
Psalm 131:2

Today's Scripture: Psalm 131

Life is a busy enterprise. It seems there are always more things to
do, places to go, and people to meet. And while none of us would want
a life without meaningful things to do, the fast pace threatens to rob
us of the quietness that we need.

When we’re driving a car, stop signs and other signs warning us to
slow down are reminders that to be safe we can’t have our foot on the
accelerator all the time. We need those kinds of reminders in all
aspects of our lives.

The psalmist clearly knew the importance of times of calm and quiet.
God Himself “rested” on the seventh day. And with more messages to
preach and more people to heal, Jesus went apart from the crowds and
rested a while (Matt. 14:13; Mark 6:31). He knew it wasn’t wise to
accelerate through life with our gas gauge registering on “weary” all
the time.

When was the last time you could echo the psalmist’s words, “I have
calmed and quieted my soul”? (Ps. 131:2). Put up a stop sign at the
intersection of your busy life. Find a place to be alone. Turn off the
distractions that keep you from listening to God’s voice, and let Him
speak to you as you read His Word. Let Him refresh your heart and mind
with the strength to live life well for His glory.

By:  Joe Stowell

Reflect & Pray

Life can make me weary and stressed at times. I want to stop right now
though, Lord, and take the time to quiet my soul before You. Speak to
me from Your Word. Please refresh me.

Stop and take a break from the busyness of life so that you can refuel
your soul.
