https://odb.org/2020/07/09/the-foolish-way-of-new-life/?utm_source=fee
dburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+B
read%29

The Foolish Way of New Life

The message of the cross is foolishness to those who are perishing,
but to us who are being saved it is the power of God.
1 Corinthians 1:18

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Corinthians 1:20–31

Some things just don’t make sense until you experience them. When I
was pregnant with my first child, I read multiple books about
childbirth and listened to dozens of women tell their stories of labor
and delivery. But I still couldn’t really imagine what the experience
would be like. What my body was going to do seemed impossible!

Paul writes in 1 Corinthians that birth into God’s kingdom, the
salvation that God offers us through Christ, seems equally
incomprehensible to those who haven’t experienced it. It sounds like
“foolishness” to say that salvation could come through a cross—a death
marked by weakness, defeat, and humiliation. Yet this “foolishness”
was the salvation that Paul preached!

It wasn’t what anyone could have imagined it would be like. Some
people thought that salvation would come through a strong political
leader or a miraculous sign. Others thought that their own academic or
philosophical achievements would be their salvation (1 Corinthians
1:22). But God surprised everyone by bringing salvation in a way that
would only make sense to those who believed, to those who experienced
it.

God took something shameful and weak—death on a cross—and made it the
foundation of wisdom and power. God does the unimaginable. He chooses
the weak and foolish things of the world to shame the wise (v. 27).

And His surprising, confounding ways are always the best ways.

By:  Amy Peterson

Reflect & Pray

How is God surprising you today? Why is it true that God’s ways are
better than your ways?

God, with Isaiah I pray, as high as the heavens are above the earth,
so are Your ways higher than my ways.
