http://odb.org/2016/05/06/no-greater-joy/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

No Greater Joy

I have no greater joy than to hear that my children are walking in the
truth.
3 John 1:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: 3 John 1:1-8

Bob and Evon Potter were a fun-loving couple with three young sons
when their life took a wonderful new direction. In 1956 they attended
a Billy Graham Crusade in Oklahoma City and gave their lives to
Christ. Before long, they wanted to reach out to others to share their
faith and the truth about Christ, so they opened their home every
Saturday night to high school and college students who had a desire to
study the Bible. A friend invited me and I became a regular at the
Potters’ house.

This was a serious Bible study that included lesson preparation and
memorizing Scripture. Surrounded by an atmosphere of friendship, joy,
and laughter, we challenged each other and the Lord changed our lives
during those days.

I stayed in touch with the Potters over the years and received many
cards and letters from Bob who always signed them with these words: “I
have no greater joy than to hear that my children are walking in the
truth” (3 John 1:4). Like John writing to his “dear friend Gaius” (v.
1), Bob encouraged everyone who crossed his path to keep walking with
the Lord.

A few years ago I attended Bob’s memorial service. It was a joyful
occasion filled with people still walking the road of faith—all
because of a young couple who opened their home and their hearts to
help others find the Lord.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Thank You, Lord, for the people who have encouraged me to keep walking
in Your truth. May I honor them by helping someone along that road
today.

Be a voice of encouragement to someone today.
