https://odb.org/2018/04/26/the-widows-faith/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Widow’s Faith

The pagans run after all these things, and your heavenly Father knows
that you need them.
Matthew 6:32

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Kings 4:1–7

It is pitch dark when Ah-pi starts her day. Others in the village will
wake up soon to make their way to the rubber plantation. Harvesting
latex is one of the main sources of income for people living in
Hongzhuang Village, China. To collect as much latex as possible, the
trees must be tapped very early in the morning, before daybreak. Ah-pi
will be among the rubber tappers, but first she will spend time
communing with God.

Ah-pi’s father, husband, and only son have passed away, and she—with
her daughter-in-law—is providing for an elderly mother and two young
grandsons. Her story reminds me of another widow in the Bible who
trusted God.

The widow’s husband had died and left her in debt (2 Kings 4:1). In
her distress, she looked to God for help by turning to His servant
Elisha. She believed that God cared and that He could do something
about her situation. And God did. He provided miraculously for the
dire needs of this widow (vv. 5–6). This same God also provided for
Ah-pi—though less miraculously—through the toil of her hands, the
produce from the ground, and gifts from His people.

Though life can make various demands on us, we can always draw
strength from God. We can entrust our cares to Him, do all we can, and
let Him amaze us with what He can do with our situation.

By:  Poh Fang Chia

Reflect & Pray

Father, thank You for Your patience when I trust in my own resources
and turn to You only as a last resort. Teach me to seek Your help in
all I do.

We may face situations beyond our reserves, but never beyond God’s
resources.
