https://odb.org/2019/11/29/hazardous-materials/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Hazardous Materials

See, this [live coal] has touched your lips; your guilt is taken away
and your sin atoned for.
Isaiah 6:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 6:1–10

The sound of a siren increased to an ear-piercing level as an
emergency vehicle sped by my car. Its flashing lights glared through
my windshield, illuminating the words “hazardous materials” printed on
the side of the truck. Later, I learned it had been racing to a
science laboratory where a 400-gallon container of sulfuric acid had
begun to leak. Emergency workers had to contain the substance
immediately because of its ability to damage whatever it came in
contact with.

As I thought about this news story, I wondered what would happen if
sirens blared every time a harsh or critical word “leaked” out of my
mouth? Sadly, it might become rather noisy around our house.

The prophet Isaiah shared this sense of awareness about his sin. When
he saw God’s glory in a vision, he was overcome by his unworthiness.
He recognized that he was “a man of unclean lips” living with people
who shared the same problem (Isaiah 6:5). What happened next gives me
hope. An angel touched his lips with a red-hot coal, explaining, “your
guilt is taken away and your sin atoned for” (v. 7).

We have moment-by-moment choices to make with our words—both written
and spoken. Will they be “hazardous” material, or will we allow God’s
glory to convict us and His grace to heal us so we can honor Him with
everything we express?

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

Why do our words have such a powerful effect on others? How might God
want to change your speech?

Dear God, help me to see how my words affect other people. Show me how
to encourage them.
