https://odb.org/2018/08/19/marvelous-maker/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Marvelous Maker

How many are your works, Lord! In wisdom you made them all; the earth
is full of your creatures.
Psalm 104:24

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 104:24–34

As an amateur photographer, I enjoy capturing glimpses of God’s
creativity with my camera. I see His fingerprints on each delicate
flower petal, each vibrant sunrise and sunset, and each cloud-painted
and star-speckled sky canvas.

My camera’s powerful zoom option allows me to take photos of the
Lord’s creatures too. I’ve snapped shots of a chattering squirrel in a
cherry blossom tree, a colorful butterfly flitting from bloom to
bloom, and sea turtles sunning on a rocky, black beach. Each one-of-a-
kind image prompted me to worship my marvelous Maker.

I’m not the first of God’s people to praise Him while admiring His
unique creations. The writer of Psalm 104 sings of the Lord’s many
works of art in nature (v. 24). He regards “the sea, vast and
spacious, teeming with creatures beyond number” (v. 25) and rejoices
in God for providing constant and complete care for His masterpieces
(vv. 27–31). Considering the majesty of the God-given life around him,
the psalmist bursts with worshipful gratitude: “I will sing to the
Lord all my life; I will sing praise to my God as long as I live” (v.
33).

While reflecting on the Lord’s magnificent and immense creation, we
can look closely at His intentional creativity and attention to
detail. And like the psalmist, we can sing to our Creator with
thankful praise for how powerful, majestic, and loving He is and
always will be. Hallelujah!

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

Share your favorite photo of God’s creation at
Facebook.com/ourdailybread.

God’s works are marvelous, and so is He.
