http://odb.org/2013/02/12/the-best-life/

The Best Life

[Andrew] first found his own brother Simon, and said to him, “We have
found the Messiah.” —
John 1:41

Today's Scripture: John 1:35-42

A few months ago, I had to travel to Florida and back on business. On
my flight home, I was pleasantly surprised to find that I had a seat
with lots of leg room. It felt so good not to be scrunched into a
small area. Plus, I had an empty seat beside me! The makings of a good
nap.

Then I remembered those around me in their not-as-comfortable seats. I
invited several others I knew to join me in a better spot but was
surprised they all wanted to stay in their own seats for various
reasons: They didn’t want to be inconvenienced with a move or felt
fine where they were.

As believers in Christ, we have a much more significant invitation to
extend: We’ve received a new life of faith in Jesus and want others to
experience it too. Some will want to do so, and others won’t. In John
1:40 we read that Andrew had begun to follow Jesus. The first thing
Andrew did was to find his brother Simon and invite him to meet Jesus,
the Messiah, too (v.41). Jesus offered them a wonderful new way of
life of knowing Him and enjoying His promises: His forgiveness (Rom.
3:24), continual presence (Heb. 13:5), hope (Rom. 15:13), peace (John
14:27), and a forever future in His presence (1 Thess. 4:17).

Won’t you join in? Jesus gives the best life.

By:  Anne Cetas

Reflect & Pray

If we commit ourselves to Christ And follow in His way, He’ll give us
life that satisfies With purpose for each day. —Sper

If you want someone to know what Christ will do for him, let him see
what Christ has done for you.
