https://odb.org/2020/11/04/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Relaxing with Purpose

Four things on earth are small, yet they are extremely wise.
Proverbs 30:24

Today's Scripture & Insight: Proverbs 30:24–31

Ramesh loves to tell others about Jesus. He boldly speaks with
coworkers, and one weekend each month returns to his village to
evangelize from house to house. His enthusiasm is
contagious—especially since he’s learned the value of taking time to
rest and relax.

Ramesh used to spend every weekend and most evenings proclaiming the
gospel. His wife and children missed him when he was out, and they
found him exhausting when he was around. He needed to make every
minute and conversation count. He couldn’t enjoy games or small talk.
Ramesh was wound too tight.

He was awakened to his imbalance by the honest words of his wife, the
counsel of friends, and somewhat obscure passages of Scripture.
Proverbs 30 mentions trivial things, such as ants, roosters, and
locusts. It marvels how “a lizard can be caught with the hand, yet it
is found in kings’ palaces” (v. 28).

Ramesh wondered how something so mundane made it into the Bible.
Observing lizards required significant downtime. Someone saw a lizard
darting around the palace and thought that’s interesting, and paused
to watch some more. Perhaps God included it in His Word to remind us
to balance work with rest. We need hours to daydream about lizards,
catch one with our kids, and simply relax with family and friends. May
God give us wisdom to know when to work, serve, and relax!

By:  Mike Wittmer

Reflect & Pray

How are you balancing work and rest? Would those closest to you say
that you love them? Why or why not?

Jesus, Your love frees me for productive work and meaningful rest.
