https://odb.org/2018/07/13/he-knows-us/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

He Knows Us

You have searched me, Lord, and you know me. You know when I sit and
when I rise.
Psalm 139:1–2

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 139:1–14

Did God know about me as I drove at night on a 100-mile journey to my
village? Given the condition I was in, the answer was not simple. My
temperature ran high and my head ached. I prayed, “Lord, I know you
are with me, but I’m in pain!”

Tired and weak, I parked by the road near a small village. Ten minutes
later, I heard a voice. “Hello! Do you need any help?” It was a man
with his companions from the community. Their presence felt good. When
they told me the name of their village, Naa mi n’yala (meaning, “The
King knows about me!”), I was amazed. I had passed this community
dozens of times without stopping. This time, the Lord used its name to
remind me that, indeed, He, the King, was with me while I was alone on
that road in my ailing condition. Encouraged, I pressed on toward the
nearest clinic.

God knows us thoroughly as we go about our everyday chores, at
different locations and situations, no matter our condition (Psalm
139:1–4, 7–12). He does not abandon us or forget us; nor is He so busy
that He neglects us. Even when we are in trouble or in difficult
circumstances—“darkness” and “night” (vv. 11–12)—we are not hidden
from His presence. This truth gives us such hope and assurance that we
can praise the Lord who has carefully created us and leads us through
life (v. 14).

By:  Lawrence Darmani

Reflect & Pray

Thank You, Lord, that You always know where I am and how I am doing.
You know me inside and out. I’m thankful I can count on You to care.

No matter where we are, God knows about us.
