http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/odb/feed/~3/wa0uhb69mlg/

Beginning Again

Everyone whose heart God had moved—prepared to go up and build the
house of the Lord in Jerusalem.
Ezra 1:5

Today's Scripture: Ezra 1:1–11

After Christmas festivities conclude at the end of December, my
thoughts often turn to the coming year. While my children are out of
school and our daily rhythms are slow, I reflect on where the last
year has brought me and where I hope the next will take me. Those
reflections sometimes come with pain and regret over the mistakes I’ve
made. Yet the prospect of starting a new year fills me with hope and
expectancy. I feel I have the opportunity to begin again with a fresh
start, no matter what the last year held.

My anticipation of a fresh start pales in comparison to the sense of
hope the Israelites must have felt when Cyrus, the king of Persia,
released them to return to their homeland in Judah after seventy long
years of captivity in Babylon. The previous king, Nebuchadnezzar, had
deported the Israelites from their homeland. But the Lord prompted
Cyrus to send the captives home to Jerusalem to rebuild God’s temple
(Ezra 1:2–3). Cyrus also returned to them treasures that had been
taken from the temple. Their lives as God’s chosen people, in the land
God had appointed to them, began afresh after a long season of
hardship in Babylon as a consequence for their sin.

No matter what lies in our past, when we confess our sin, God forgives
us and gives us a fresh start. What great cause for hope!

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

What can you do to grow closer to God this year? Share your thoughts
with us at Facebook.com/ourdailybread.

God’s grace offers us fresh starts.
