https://odb.org/2020/08/02/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Kind Correction

Whoever turns a sinner from the error of their way will save them from
death.
James 5:20

Today's Scripture & Insight: James 5:19–20

The early spring weather was refreshing and my traveling companion, my
wife, couldn’t have been better. But the beauty of those moments
together could have quickly morphed into tragedy if it weren’t for a
red and white warning sign that informed me I was headed in the wrong
direction. Because I hadn’t turned wide enough, I momentarily saw a
“Do Not Enter” sign staring me in the face. I quickly adjusted, but
shudder to think of the harm I could have brought to my wife, myself,
and others if I’d ignored the sign that reminded me I was going the
wrong way.

The closing words of James emphasize the importance of correction. Who
among us hasn’t needed to be “brought back” by those who care for us
from paths or actions, decisions or desires that could’ve been
hurtful? Who knows what harm might have been done to ourselves or
others had someone not courageously intervened at the right time.

James stresses the value of kind correction with these words, “Whoever
turns a sinner from the error of their way will save them from death
and cover over a multitude of sins” (5:20). Correction is an
expression of God’s mercy. May our love and concern for the well-being
of others compel us to speak and act in ways that He can use to “bring
that person back” (v. 19).

By:  Arthur Jackson

Reflect & Pray

What risks or rewards are associated with helping a wanderer find his
or her way back to where they belong? When did God use someone to
bring you back from a not-so-good place?

Father, keep me from straying from Your truth and grant me courage to
help bring back those who are wandering.
