http://odb.org/2015/08/25/when-things-dont-go-well/?utm_source=feedbur
ner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread
%29

When Things Don’t Go Well

We know that all things work together for good to those who love God.
Romans 8:28

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 8:28-30

The first words that many people like to quote when misfortune hits
are: “We know that all things work together for good to those who love
God, to those who are the called according to His purpose” (Rom.
8:28). But that’s hard to believe in hard times. I once sat with a man
who had lost his third son in a row, and I listened as he lamented,
“How can this tragedy work for my good?” I had no answer but to sit
silently and mourn with him. Several months later, he was thankful as
he said, “My sorrow is drawing me closer to God.”

Tough as Romans 8:28 may be to understand, countless testimonies give
credence to the truth of it. The story of hymn writer Fanny Crosby is
a classic example. The world is the beneficiary of her memorable
hymns, yet what worked together for good was born out of her personal
tragedy, for she became blind when she was an infant. At only age 8,
she began to write poetry and hymns. Writing over 8,000 sacred songs
and hymns, she blessed the world with such popular songs as “Blessed
Assurance,” “Safe in the Arms of Jesus,” and “Pass Me Not, O Gentle
Savior.” God used her difficulty to bring good for her and us and
glory for Him.

When tragedy befalls us, it’s hard to understand how anything good can
come from it, and we won’t always see it in this life. But God has
good purposes and always remains with us.

By:  Lawrence Darmani

Reflect & Pray

What trial in your life have you found to be for your good? What good
things have come from it? What are you now suffering that you pray
will bring something good?

God always has good purposes for our trials.
