https://odb.org/2021/01/25/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Ripple Effect

Because the hand of the Lord my God was on me, I took courage and
gathered leaders from Israel to go up with me.
Ezra 7:28

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ezra 8:15–21

The little Bible college in northern Ghana didn’t look impressive—just
a tin-roofed cinder-block building and a handful of students. Yet Bob
Hayes poured his life into those students. He gave them leadership
roles and encouraged them to preach and teach, despite their
occasional reluctance. Bob passed away years ago, but dozens of
thriving churches, schools, and two additional Bible institutes have
sprung up across Ghana—all started by graduates of that humble school.

During the reign of King Artaxerxes (465–424 bc ), Ezra the scribe
assembled a band of Jewish exiles to return to Jerusalem. But Ezra
found no Levites among them (Ezra 8:15). He needed Levites to serve as
priests. So he commissioned leaders to “bring attendants to us for the
house of our God” (v. 17). They did so (vv. 18–20), and Ezra led them
all in fasting and prayer (v. 21).

Ezra’s name means “helper,” a characteristic that resides at the heart
of good leadership. Under Ezra’s prayerful guidance, he and his
protégés would lead a spiritual awakening in Jerusalem (see chapters
9–10). All they had needed was a little encouragement and wise
direction.

That’s how God’s church works too. As good mentors encourage and build
us up, we learn to do the same for others. Such an influence will
reach far beyond our lifetime. Work done faithfully for God stretches
into eternity.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Who is your primary spiritual mentor? (If you don’t have one, who
might you ask to mentor you?) Why is mentoring in Christ something
vital for you to receive and extend to others?

Father, show me someone I can mentor.
