https://odb.org/2019/07/19/who-is-he/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium
=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Who Is He?

Who is he, this King of glory? The Lord Almighty—he is the King of
glory.
Psalm 24:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 24

On our way home from our honeymoon, my husband and I waited to check
in our luggage at the airport. I nudged him and pointed to a man
standing a few feet away.

My spouse squinted. “Who is he?”

I excitedly rattled off the actor’s most notable roles, then walked up
and asked him to take a photo with us. Twenty-four years later, I
still enjoy sharing the story of the day I met a movie star.

Recognizing a famous actor is one thing, but there’s Someone more
important I’m thankful to know personally. “Who is this King of
glory?” (Psalm 24:8). The psalmist David points to the Lord Almighty
as Creator, Sustainer, and Ruler of all. He sings, “The earth is the
Lord’ s, and everything in it, the world, and all who live in it; for
he founded it on the seas and established it on the waters” (vv. 1–2).
In awestruck wonder, David proclaims God is above all, yet intimately
approachable (vv. 3–4). We can know Him, be empowered by Him, and
trust Him to fight on our behalf, as we live for Him (v. 8).

God provides opportunities for us to declare Him as the only Famous
One truly worth sharing with others. As we reflect His character,
those who don’t recognize Him can have more reasons to ask, “Who is
He?” Like David, we can point to the Lord with awestruck wonder and
tell His story!

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

What has the Lord shown you about Himself? How might you share that
with someone?

Lord, thanks for blessing us with the pleasure and privilege of
seeking You and giving us opportunities to share You with others every
day.
