http://odb.org/2013/11/16/to-whom-it-is-due/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

To Whom It Is Due

Render therefore to all their due: taxes to whom taxes are due,
customs to whom customs, fear to whom fear, honor to whom honor. —
Romans 13:7

Today's Scripture: Romans 13:1-10

My husband and I live in a rural area surrounded by farms where this
slogan is popular: “If you ate a meal today, thank a farmer.” Farmers
definitely deserve our gratitude. They do the hot, hard work of
tilling soil, planting seeds, and harvesting the food that keeps us
from starving to death.

But every time I thank a farmer, I also try to remember to offer
praise to God, for He is the One responsible for producing the food we
eat. He gives light, sends rain, and creates the energy within the
seed that gives it the strength to push through the soil and produce
fruit.

Although the earth and everything in it belong to God (Ps. 24:1), He
has chosen humans to be its caretakers. We are responsible to use the
earth’s resources as He would use them—to do His work in the world
(115:16). And just as we are stewards of God’s physical creation, we
also are stewards of His design for society. We do this by respecting
those He has placed in authority, by paying taxes, by giving honor to
those who have earned it, and by continuing to pay our debt of love
(Rom. 13:7-8). But one thing we reserve for God: All praise and glory
belong to Him, for He is the One who makes everything possible (Ps.
96:8).

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

Sing praise to God who reigns above, The God of all creation, The God
of power, the God of love, The God of our salvation. —Schütz

God’s unsearchable ways deserve our unbounded praise.
