http://odb.org/2015/11/13/the-big-stink/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Big Stink

God knows that when you eat from it your eyes will be opened, and you
will be like God, knowing good and evil.
Genesis 3:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: Genesis 3:6-13,22-24

In August 2013, large crowds gathered at the Phipps Conservatory in
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, to witness the blooming of the tropical
plant known as the corpse flower. Since the flower is native to
Indonesia, and may flower only once every several years, its blooming
is a spectacle. Once open, the huge spiky, beautiful, red bloom smells
like rotten meat. Because of its putrid fragrance, the flower attracts
flies and beetles that are looking for rotting meat. But there is no
nectar.

Like the corpse flower, sin holds out promises but in the end offers
no rewards. Adam and Eve found this out the hard way. Eden was
beautiful until they ruined it by doing the one thing God urged them
not to do. Tempted to doubt God’s goodness, they ignored their
Creator’s loving warning and soon lost their innocence. The God-given
beauty of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil became like a
corpse flower to them. The reward for their disobedience was
alienation, pain, emptiness, toil, and death.

Sin looks inviting and may feel good, but it doesn’t compare with the
wonder, beauty, and fragrance of trusting and obeying God, who has
made us to share His life and joy.

By:  Marvin Williams

Reflect & Pray

What temptations are you facing today? Remember that God promises to
help you fight against temptation. Ask Him to help you remember to
rely on Him.

God’s commands can overpower Satan’s suggestions.
