https://odb.org/2020/05/04/eclipse-2/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium
=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Eclipse

I will restore David’s fallen shelter—I will repair its broken walls
and restore its ruins—and will rebuild it as it used to be.
Amos 9:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: Amos 8:9–12; 9:11–12

I was prepared with eye protection, an ideal viewing location, and
homemade moon pie desserts. Along with millions of people in the US,
my family watched the rare occurrence of a total solar eclipse—the
moon covering the entire disk of the sun.

The eclipse caused an unusual darkness to come over the typically
bright summer afternoon. Although for us this eclipse was a fun
celebration and a reminder of God’s incredible power over creation
(Psalm 135:6–7), throughout history darkness during the day has been
seen as abnormal and foreboding (Exodus 10:21; Matthew 27:45), a sign
that everything is not as it should be.

This is what darkness signified for Amos, a prophet during the time of
the divided monarchy in ancient Israel. Amos warned the Northern
Kingdom that destruction would come if they continued to turn away
from God. As a sign, God would “make the sun go down at noon and
darken the earth in broad daylight” (Amos 8:9).

But God’s ultimate desire and purpose was—and is—to make all things
right. Even when the people were taken into exile, God promised to one
day bring a remnant back to Jerusalem and “repair its broken walls and
restore its ruins” (9:11).

Even when life is at its darkest, like Israel, we can find comfort in
knowing God is at work to bring light and hope back—to all people
(Acts 15:14–18).

By:  Lisa M. Samra

Reflect & Pray

When was a time you chose to reject or disobey God? How did God
provide rescue and bring light into your dark situation?

Jesus, as we read in Revelation 21:23, thank You that You shine
brighter than the sun and turn back the darkness. To learn more about
the book of Amos, visit bit.ly/2YAfbqG.
