http://odb.org/2013/02/22/crowned-with-glory/

Crowned With Glory

What is man that You are mindful of him? —
Psalm 8:4

Today's Scripture: Psalm 8

The Voyager 1 spacecraft, which was launched in 1977, is on the outer
edge of our solar system more than 10 billion miles away. In February
1990, when Voyager 1 was almost 4 billion miles from us, scientists
turned its camera toward Earth and took some pictures that revealed
our planet as an almost imperceptible blue dot on a vast sea of empty
space.

In the immense reaches of our universe, Earth is just a minuscule
speck. On this seemingly insignificant pebble in the ocean of galactic
objects live more than seven billion people.

If this makes you feel insignificant, God has some good news. Tucked
into one of David’s psalms is a rhetorical question that can allow you
to step out into the night air, look up at the sky, and rejoice. Psalm
8:3-5 tells us that we are superstars in God’s eyes: “When I consider
Your heavens, the work of Your fingers, . . . what is man that You are
mindful of him? . . . You have crowned him with glory and honor.” Soak
that in! God—who spoke into existence a universe so vast that the
Hubble telescope hasn’t found the end of it—created you, and He cares
deeply for you. He cared enough to ask Jesus to leave heaven to die
for you.

Look up in wonder at God’s creation and praise Him that He crowned you
with glory through His Son Jesus.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

We praise You, Father, for Your creation which reaches beyond our
imagination, for the spellbinding night sky with its vast array of
lights, and for loving each of us enough to send Jesus to be our
personal Savior.

We see the power of God’s creation; we feel the power of His love.
