http://odb.org/2011/03/20/the-stones/

The Stones

When your children ask . . . “What are these stones?” then you shall
let [them] know, saying, “Israel crossed over this Jordan on dry
land.” —
Joshua 4:21-22

Today's Scripture: Joshua 4

Not long ago, our friends had a gathering at their house and invited a
group of people who were all music lovers. Kevin and Ilse, who are
both gifted musicians, requested that each person or couple bring a
rock for a fire pit that was often the site for their evening musical
jams. But they didn’t want just plain ol’ rocks. They asked that each
one be marked with a name or date or event that indicated how or when
everyone had become friends.

God felt that the Israelites needed a reminder of an amazing event in
their lives. Although the Jordan River had been at flood stage, the
Israelites had been able to cross over on dry ground because God had
stopped the water from flowing (Josh. 3:13-17). Something similar had
happened years before in an escape from Egypt (see Ex. 14:21-31). On
this occasion, however, God instructed His people to build a memorial
of stones so that in the future when children would ask about the
stones, parents could remind them of the mighty hand of God (Josh.
4:23-24).

As God continually cared for the Israelites, He continues to provide
for us today. What “stones of remembrance” will you use to remind your
children, grandchildren—and even yourself—of the evidence of God’s
might?

By:  Cindy Hess Kasper

Reflect & Pray

God’s faithfulness we’ve known throughout the years, His oneness with
us in our joys and tears; So many times the Lord has helped us
through, Has answered prayer and given strength anew. —F. Hess

Remembering God’s goodness is a good cure for doubt.
