https://odb.org/2020/04/29/right-beside-you/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Right Beside You

The Lord our God is near us whenever we pray to him.
Deuteronomy 4:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: Deuteronomy 4:5–8

Each day at a post office in Jerusalem, workers sort through piles of
undeliverable letters in an attempt to guide each to its recipient.
Many end up in a specially marked box labeled “Letters to God.”

About a thousand such letters reach Jerusalem each year, addressed
simply to God or Jesus. Puzzled by what to do with them, one worker
began taking the letters to Jerusalem’s Western Wall to have them
placed between its stone blocks with other written prayers. Most of
the letters ask for a job, a spouse, or good health. Some request
forgiveness, others just offer thanks. One man asked God if his
deceased wife could appear in his dreams because he longed to see her
again. Each sender believed God would listen, if only He could be
reached.

The Israelites learned much as they journeyed through the wilderness.
One lesson was that their God wasn’t like the other gods known at the
time—distant, deaf, geographically bound, reached only by lengthy
pilgrimage or international mail. No, “the Lord our God is near us
whenever we pray to him” (Deuteronomy 4:7). What other people could
claim that? This was revolutionary news!

God doesn’t live in Jerusalem. He’s close by us, wherever we are. Some
still need to discover this radical truth. If only each of those
letters could be sent the reply: God is right beside you. Just talk to
Him.

By:  Sheridan Voysey

Reflect & Pray

God’s accessibility to us is a profound gift. How can you avoid taking
it for granted? Who in your life needs to know of God’s readiness to
hear their prayer?

God, You are bigger than the universe yet closer than a breath. Thank
You for being so interested in us, attending to every prayer.
