http://odb.org/2015/04/12/that-is-mine/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

That Is Mine!

I am the Lord; that is My name. —
Isaiah 42:8

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ezekiel 29:1-9

The Nile of Africa, which spans 6,650 kilometers (more than 4,100
miles) and flows northward across several northeastern African
countries, is the world’s longest river. Over the centuries, the Nile
has provided sustenance and livelihood for millions of citizens in the
countries it passes through. Currently, Ethiopia is building what will
become Africa’s largest hydro-power dam on the Nile. It will be a
great resource for the area.

Pharaoh, the king of Egypt, claimed to be the Nile’s owner and
originator. He and all Egypt boasted, “My River is my own; I have made
it for myself” (Ezek. 29:3,9). They failed to acknowledge that God
alone provides natural resources. As a result, God promised to punish
the nation (vv.8-9).

We are to care for God’s creation, and not forget that everything we
have comes from the Lord. Romans 11:36 says, “For of Him and through
Him and to Him are all things, to whom be glory forever.” He is the
One who also endows humanity with the ability to manufacture and
invent man-made resources. Whenever we talk about a good thing that
has come to us or that we have accomplished, we need to remember what
God says in Isaiah 42:8, “I am the Lord; that is My name; and My glory
I will not give to another.”

By:  Lawrence Darmani

Reflect & Pray

Praise the Lord God, the God of Israel, who alone does such wonderful
things. Praise Your glorious name forever! Let the whole earth be
filled with Your glory.

To God be the glory—great things He has done!
