https://odb.org/2019/06/19/in-our-weakness/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

In Our Weakness

In the same way, the Spirit helps us in our weakness.
Romans 8:26

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 8:1–2, 10–17

Although Anne Sheafe Miller died in 1999 at the age of 90, she nearly
passed away in 1942 after developing septicemia following a
miscarriage and all treatments proved to be unsuccessful. When a
patient at the same hospital mentioned his connection to a scientist
who’d been working on a new wonder drug, Anne’s doctor pressed the
government to release a tiny amount for Anne. Within a day, her
temperature was back to normal! Penicillin had saved Anne’s life.

Since the fall, all human beings have experienced a devastating
spiritual condition brought about by sin (Romans 5:12). Only the death
and resurrection of Jesus and the power of the Holy Spirit has made it
possible for us to be healed (8:1–2). The Holy Spirit enables us to
enjoy abundant life on earth and for eternity in the presence of God
(vv. 3–10). “And if the Spirit of him who raised Jesus from the dead
is living in you, he who raised Christ from the dead will also give
life to your mortal bodies because of his Spirit who lives in you” (v.
11).

When your sinful nature threatens to drain the life out of you, look
to the source of your salvation, Jesus, and be strengthened by the
power of His Spirit (vv. 11–17). “The Spirit helps us in our weakness”
and “intercedes for God’s people in accordance with the will of God”
(vv. 26–27).

By:  Ruth O'Reilly-Smith

Reflect & Pray

In what area do you need to experience the life of Christ and the
power of the Holy Spirit? How can you be more aware of the presence
and work of the Holy Spirit?

Heavenly Father, thank You for the gift of Your Son and the power of
the Holy Spirit who enables me to enjoy real life in You.
