https://odb.org/2017/03/16/spilling-through-my-fingers/?utm_source=fee
dburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+B
read%29

Spilling Through My Fingers

Who has measured the waters in the hollow of his hand . . . ?
Isaiah 40:12

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 40:9–17

After I clumsily knocked over my glass on the restaurant counter, the
spilled beverage began to cascade over the edge and onto the floor.
Out of sheer embarrassment, I tried to catch the waterfall with cupped
hands. My efforts were largely unsuccessful; most of my beverage
rushed through my fingers. In the end, my upturned palms held little
more than a meager tablespoon each, while my feet stood in puddles.

My life feels similar on many days. I find myself scrambling to solve
problems, oversee details, and control circumstances. No matter how
hard I try, my feeble hands are incapable of managing all the pieces
and parts. Something invariably slips through my fingers and pools on
the floor at my feet, leaving me feeling overwhelmed. No amount of
contorting my hands or squeezing my fingers more tightly together
makes me able to handle it all.

Yet God can. Isaiah tells us that God can measure the globe’s
waters—all the oceans and rivers and rain—in the hollow of His hands
(40:12). Only His hands are large enough to hold them all. We needn’t
try to hold more than the tablespoon He’s designed our hands to carry.
When we feel overwhelmed, we can entrust our cares and concerns into
His capable hands.

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

Help me, Lord, to stop trying to hold everything in my hands, but
instead to trust my needs and concerns into Your perfect care. Our
Daily Bread welcomes writer Kirsten Holmberg! Meet Kirsten and all our
authors at odb.org/all-authors.

We can trust God to handle the things that overwhelm us.
