http://odb.org/2014/04/08/getting-beyond-ourselves/

Getting Beyond Ourselves

We all, . . . beholding as in a mirror the glory of the Lord, are
being transformed. —
2 Corinthians 3:18

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Corinthians 3:7-18

I have one of those friends who seems to be better than I am at just
about everything. He is smarter; he thinks more deeply; and he knows
where to find better books to read. He is even a better golfer.
Spending time with him challenges me to become a better, more
thoughtful person. His standard of excellence spurs me on to greater
things.

That highlights a spiritual principle: It’s crucial for us to spend
time in God’s Word so we can connect with the person of Christ.
Reading about the impact of Jesus’ unconditional love for us compels
me to love without demand. His mercy and His free distribution of
grace to the most undeserving make me ashamed of my tendency to
withhold forgiveness and seek revenge.

I find myself becoming a more thankful person when I realize that,
despite my shameful fallenness, the Lord has clothed me in the beauty
of His perfect righteousness. His amazing ways and unsurpassed wisdom
motivate and transform me. It’s hard to be content with my life as it
is when in His presence I am drawn to become more like Him.

The apostle Paul calls us to the joy of beholding Christ. As we do so,
we are “being transformed into the same image from glory to glory” (2
Cor. 3:18).

By:  Joe Stowell

Reflect & Pray

Lord, help us to come into Your presence with eyes and hearts wide
open to all that You are and want us to become. Thank You for
revealing Yourself to us and for the joy of basking in the greatness
of Your glory.

Stay close to God and you will never be the same.
