https://odb.org/2020/02/23/pierced-love/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Pierced Love

But he was pierced for our transgressions, he was crushed for our
iniquities.
Isaiah 53:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 53:1–6

She’d called. She’d texted. Now Carla stood outside her brother’s
gated entry, unable to rouse him to answer. Burdened with depression
and fighting addiction, her brother had hidden himself away in his
home. In a desperate attempt to penetrate his isolation, Carla
gathered several of his favorite foods along with encouraging
Scriptures and lowered the bundle over the fence.

But as the package left her grip, it snagged on one of the gate
spikes, tearing an opening and sending its contents onto the gravel
below. Her well-intended, love-filled offering spilled out in seeming
waste. Would her brother even notice her gift? Would it accomplish the
mission of hope she’d intended? She can only hope and pray as she
waits for his healing.

God so loved the world that—in essence—He lowered His one and only Son
over the wall of our sin, bringing gifts of love and healing into our
weary and withdrawn world (John 3:16). The prophet Isaiah predicted
the cost of this act of love in Isaiah 53:5. This very Son would be
“pierced for our transgressions, . . . crushed for our iniquities.”
His wounds would bring the hope of ultimate healing. He took on
Himself “the iniquity of us all” (v. 6).

Pierced by spikes for our sin and need, God’s gift of Jesus enters our
days today with fresh power and perspective. What does His gift mean
to you?

By:  Elisa Morgan

Reflect & Pray

How have you experienced God’s pierced love? How have you seen
Him transform a broken life by His amazing grace?

Dear God, thank You for Your gift of Jesus, sent over the fences in my
heart to meet my need today.
