https://odb.org/2017/04/09/a-journey-of-belief/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Journey of Belief

These are written that you may believe that Jesus is the Messiah, the
Son of God, and that by believing you may have life in his name.
John 20:31

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 20:24–31

Since its first publication in 1880, Lew Wallace’s novel Ben-Hur: A
Tale of the Christ has never been out of print. It has been called the
most influential Christian book of the nineteenth century, and it
continues to draw readers today as it weaves the true story of Jesus
with that of a fictional young Jewish nobleman named Judah Ben-Hur.

Amy Lifson, writing in Humanities magazine, said that the writing of
the book transformed the life of the author. “As Ben-Hur guided
readers through the scenes of the Passion, so did he lead the way for
Lew Wallace to believe in Jesus Christ.” Wallace said, “I have seen
the Nazarene . . . . I saw him perform works which no mere man could
perform.”

The Gospels’ record of the life of Jesus allows us to walk alongside
Him, witness His miracles, hear His words, and see His triumphal entry
into Jerusalem on what we call Palm Sunday. At the conclusion of
John’s gospel, he wrote, “Jesus performed many other signs in the
presence of his disciples, which are not recorded in this book. But
these are written that you may believe that Jesus is the Messiah, the
Son of God, and that by believing you may have life in his name” (John
20:30–31).

Just as Lew Wallace’s research, reading of the Bible, and writing led
him to believe in Jesus, so God’s Word draws us to a transformation of
mind and heart by which we have eternal life in and through Him.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Lord, may the record of Your life be written on our minds and hearts
so that we may have ever-increasing faith in You.

Many books can inform, but only the Bible can transform.
