https://odb.org/2017/08/01/nozomi-hope/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Nozomi Hope

We have this treasure in jars of clay to show that this all-surpassing
power is from God and not from us.
2 Corinthians 4:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Corinthians 4:7–18

In 2011, a magnitude 9 earthquake and a resulting tsunami took nearly
19,000 lives and destroyed 230,000 homes in the region northeast of
Tokyo. In its aftermath, The Nozomi Project, named for the Japanese
word for “hope,” was born to provide sustainable income, community,
dignity, and hope in a God who provides.

Nozomi women sift through the rubble of homes and furnishings to
discover broken china shards that they sand and insert into fittings
to form jewelry. The jewelry is sold around the world, providing a
livelihood for the women while sharing symbols of their faith in
Christ.

In New Testament times, it was customary to hide valuables in the
unlikely vessels of simple clay pots. Paul describes how the treasure
of the gospel is contained in the human frailty of followers of
Christ: jars of clay (2 Cor. 4:7). He suggests that the meager—and
even at times broken—vessels of our lives actually can reveal God’s
power in contrast to our imperfections.

When God inhabits the imperfect and broken pieces in our lives, the
healing hope of His power is often more visible to others. Yes, His
repair work in our hearts often leaves the scars of cracks. But
perhaps those lines from our learning are the etchings in our beings
that make His character more visible to others.

By:  Elisa Morgan

Reflect & Pray

Dear God, please show others Your power as I share the treasure of
Your gospel in my broken, but beautiful life. Welcome to Elisa Morgan!
Meet all our authors at odb.org/all-authors.

Brokenness can lead to wholeness.
