https://odb.org/2017/11/18/hide-and-seek/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Hide and Seek

In his great mercy he has given us new birth into a living hope
through the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead.
1 Peter 1:3

Today's Scripture: Ezekiel 8

“You can’t see me!”

When small children play “hide and seek,” they sometimes believe
they’re hiding just by covering their eyes. If they can’t see you,
they assume you can’t see them.

Naïve as that may seem to adults, we sometimes do something similar
with God. When we find ourselves desiring to do something we know is
wrong, our tendency may be to shut God out as we willfully go our own
way.

The prophet Ezekiel discovered this truth in the vision God gave him
for his people, exiled in Babylon. The Lord told him, “Have you seen
what the elders of Israel are doing in the darkness, each at the
shrine of his own idol? They say, ‘The Lord does not see us’” (Ezek.
8:12).

But God misses nothing, and Ezekiel’s vision was proof of it. Yet even
though they had sinned, God offered His repentant people hope through
a new promise: “I will give you a new heart and put a new spirit in
you” (36:26).

For us, God met the brokenness and rebellion of sin with His tender
mercy at the cross, paying the ultimate penalty for it. Through Jesus
Christ, God not only offers us a new beginning, but He also works
within us to change our hearts as we follow Him. How good is God! When
we were lost and hiding in our sinfulness, God drew near through
Jesus, who “came to seek and to save” us (Luke 19:10; Rom. 5:8).

By:  James Banks

Reflect & Pray

Thank You for Your kindness to me, Lord. Help me to seek You and
follow You faithfully today.

God knows us completely . . . and loves us just as much.
