http://odb.org/2016/11/25/best-deal-ever/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Best Deal Ever!

As goods increase, so do those who consume them. And what benefit are
they to the owners?
Ecclesiastes 5:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ecclesiastes 5:10–19

How much is enough? We might ask this simple question on a day that
many developed countries increasingly devote to shopping. I speak of
Black Friday, the day after the US Thanksgiving holiday, in which many
stores open early and offer cut-price deals; a day that has spread
from the States to other nations. Some shoppers have limited resources
and are trying to purchase something at a price they can afford. But
sadly, for others greed is the motivation, and violence erupts as they
fight for bargains.

The wisdom of the Old Testament writer known as “the Teacher” (Eccl.
1:1) provides an antidote to the frenzy of consumerism we may face in
the shops—and in our hearts. He points out that those who love money
never will have enough and will be ruled by their possessions. And
yet, they will die with nothing: “As everyone comes, so they depart”
(5:15). The apostle Paul echoes the Teacher in his letter to Timothy,
when he says that the love of money is a root of all kinds of evil,
and that we should strive for “godliness with contentment” (1 Tim.
6:6–10).

Whether we live in a place of plenty or not, we all can seek unhealthy
ways of filling the God-shaped hole in our hearts. But when we look to
the Lord for our sense of peace and well-being, He will fill us with
His goodness and love.

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

“You have formed us for Yourself, and our hearts are restless till
they find rest in You.” Augustine, The Confessions

True contentment does not depend on anything in this world.
