https://odb.org/2021/01/10/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Paper Crowns

The Lord’s people will judge the world.
1 Corinthians 6:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Corinthians 6:1–6

After a holiday meal at my house, everyone opened party favors filled
with candy, small toys, and confetti. But there was something else in
the favors—a paper crown for each of us. We couldn’t resist trying
them on, and we smiled at each other as we sat around the table. For
just a moment, we were kings and queens, even if our kingdom was a
dining room littered with the remnants of our dinner.

This sparked a memory of a Bible promise I don’t often think about. In
the next life, all believers will share ruling authority with Jesus.
Paul mentions this in 1 Corinthians 6 where he asks, “Do you not know
that the Lord’s people will judge the world?” (v. 2). Paul referenced
this future privilege because he wanted to inspire believers to settle
disputes peacefully on earth. They had been suing each other and
consequently harming the reputation of other believers in their
community.

We become better at resolving conflict as the Holy Spirit produces
self-control, gentleness, and patience within us. By the time Jesus
returns and completes the Spirit’s work in our lives (1 John 3:2–3),
we’ll be ready for our eventual role as “a kingdom and priests to
serve our God, and . . . reign on the earth” (Revelation 5:10). Let’s
hold on to this promise that glitters in Scripture like a diamond set
in a crown of gold.

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

How does the Holy Spirit influence your words and actions when you
experience conflict? How does this affect those around you?

Almighty God, thank You for the wonderful future I have with You. Help
me to look to You when it’s hard to cooperate with others. To learn
more about the Spirit’s work in our lives, visit
ChristianUniversity.org/ST410-12.
