https://odb.org/2020/09/02/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Whispering Gallery

In my distress I called to the Lord; I cried to my God for help.
Psalm 18:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 18:1–6, 16–19

In the towering dome of London’s St. Paul’s Cathedral, visitors can
climb 259 steps to access The Whispering Gallery. There you can
whisper and be heard by another person anywhere along the circular
walkway, even across the enormous abyss nearly one hundred feet away.
Engineers explain this anomaly as a result of the spherical shape of
the dome and the low intensity sound waves of a whisper.

How we long to be confident that God hears our agonized whispers! The
Psalms are filled with testimonies that He hears us—our cries,
prayers, and whispers. David writes, “In my distress I called to the
Lord; I cried to my God for help” (Psalm 18:6). Over and over again,
he and other psalmists plead, “Hear my prayer” (4:1), my voice (5:3),
my groans (102:20). Sometimes the expression is more of a whispered,
“Hear me” (77:1), where the “heart meditated and [the] spirit asked”
(77:6).

In answer to these pleas, the psalmists—like David in Psalm
18:6—reveal that God is listening: “From his temple he heard my voice;
my cry came before him, into his ears.” Since the actual temple wasn’t
yet built, might David have been referring to God listening in His
heavenly dwelling?

From His very own “whispering gallery” in the dome of the heavens
above the earth, God bends to our deepest murmurs, even our whispers .
. . and listens.

By:  Elisa Morgan

Reflect & Pray

What do you long to whisper to God today? How can you know that He
hears?

Dear God, give me courage to whisper to You today, trusting You to
hear and respond.
