http://odb.org/2014/08/14/the-parable-of-the-sting/?utm_source=feedbur
ner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread
%29

The Parable Of The Sting

They may, by your good works which they observe, glorify God in the
day of visitation. —
1 Peter 2:12

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Peter 2:9-12

I can still see Jay Elliott’s shocked face as I burst through his
front door almost 50 years ago with a “gang” of bees swirling around
me. As I raced out his back door, I realized the bees were gone. Well,
sort of—I’d left them in Jay’s house! Moments later, he came racing
out his back door—chased by the bees I had brought to him.

I had more than a dozen stings, with little effect. Jay had a
different experience. Though he’d been stung only once or twice by
“my” bees, his eyes and throat swelled up in a painful allergic
reaction. My actions had caused a lot of pain for my friend.

That’s a picture of what’s true in our interpersonal relationships
too. We hurt others when our actions aren’t Christlike. Even after an
apology, the “sting” sticks.

People would be right to expect an absence of harshness and an air of
patience from those who follow Christ. We forget sometimes that people
struggling with faith, or life, or both, watch Christians with
expectation. They hope to see less anger and more mercy, less judgment
and more compassion, less criticism and more encouragement. Jesus and
Peter told us to live good lives so God is given the glory (Matt.
5:16; 1 Peter 2:12). May our actions and reactions point those around
us to our loving Father.

By:  Randy Kilgore

Reflect & Pray

We have found that it’s easy to hurt others with our words or actions.
Teach us, Father, to pause and to think before we speak or act. Fill
us with kindness and care.

May others see less of me and more of Jesus.
