https://odb.org/2020/10/06/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

You’ll See Her Again

For as in Adam all die, so in Christ all will be made alive.
1 Corinthians 15:22

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Corinthians 15:3–4, 12–22

The room was dim and silent as I pulled a chair close to Jacquie’s
bed. Before a three-year battle with cancer, my friend had been a
vibrant person. I could still picture her laughing—eyes full of life,
her face lit with a smile. Now she was quiet and still, and I was
visiting her in a special care facility.

Not knowing what to say, I decided to read some Scripture. I pulled my
Bible out of my purse and turned to a reference in 1 Corinthians and
began to read.

After the visit and an emotional time in the seclusion of my parked
car, a thought came to mind that slowed my tears: You’ll see her
again. Caught up in sadness, I had forgotten that death is only
temporary for believers (1 Corinthians 15:21–22). I knew I’d see
Jacquie again because both of us had trusted in Jesus’ death and
resurrection for the forgiveness of our sin (vv. 3–4). When Jesus came
back to life after His crucifixion, death lost its ultimate power to
separate believers from each other and from God. After we die, we’ll
live again in heaven with God and all of our spiritual brothers and
sisters—forever.

Because Jesus is alive today, believers in Him have hope in times of
loss and sorrow. Death has been swallowed up in the victory of the
cross (v. 54).

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

How has God comforted you in times of sorrow? How might He want to use
you to comfort someone who’s grieving today?

Dear Jesus, thank You for dying for my sin. I believe that You’re
alive today because God raised You from the dead. Read Life After
Loss: Grieving with Hope at DiscoverySeries.org/CB131.
