http://odb.org/2012/06/07/uncontrollable-unexpected/

Uncontrollable Unexpected

Instead you ought to say, “If the Lord wills, we shall live and do
this or that.” —
James 4:15

Today's Scripture: James 4:13-17

Life is full of surprises—some of which take life in unwelcome
directions. I still remember the shockwave that hit our family several
decades ago when my father lost his job through no fault of his own.
With a house full of kids to feed, it was a jarring blow. But as
certainly as Dad’s job loss was beyond his control and unexpected, he
still knew he could trust God for his future.

As Jesus’ followers, we must recognize that there are things in life
that are the “uncontrollable unexpected,” as I call them. To help us
in those moments, James 4:13-15 offers this wisdom: “Come now, you who
say, ‘Today or tomorrow we will go to such and such a city, spend a
year there, buy and sell, and make a profit’; whereas you do not know
what will happen tomorrow. . . . Instead you ought to say, ‘If the
Lord wills, we shall live and do this or that.’ ” The people to whom
James was writing were making plans while excluding God’s prerogative
to direct their lives.

Is it wrong to plan for the future? Of course not. It is unwise,
however, to forget that God may allow some “uncontrollable unexpected”
events as He sees fit. Ultimately, all that happens is for the
best—even when it’s hard to see. We must trust Him and His plans for
our future.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

I know who holds the future, And I know who holds my hand; With God
things don’t just happen— Everything by Him is planned. —A. Smith

We may not know what the future holds, but we can trust the One who
holds the future.
