https://odb.org/2019/08/30/great-things/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Great Things!

What, then, shall we say in response to these things? If God is for
us, who can be against us?
Romans 8:31

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 126

On November 9, 1989, the world was astonished by the news of the fall
of the Berlin Wall. The wall that had divided Berlin, Germany, was
coming down and the city that had been divided for twenty-eight years
would be united again. Though the epicenter of joy was Germany, an
onlooking world shared in the excitement. Something great had taken
place!

When Israel returned to her homeland in 538 bc after being exiled for
almost seventy years, it was also momentous. Psalm 126 begins with an
over-the-shoulder look at that joy-filled time in the history of
Israel. The experience was marked by laughter, joyful singing, and
international recognition that God had done great things for His
people (v. 2). And what was the response of the recipients of
His rescuing mercy? Great things from God prompted great gladness (v.
3). Furthermore, His works in the past became the basis for fresh
prayers for the present and bright hope for the future (vv. 4–6).

You and I need not look far in our own experiences for examples of
great things from God, especially if we believe in God through His
Son, Jesus. Nineteenth-century hymn writer Fanny Crosby captured this
sentiment when she wrote, “Great things He hath taught us, great
things He hath done, and great our rejoicing through Jesus the Son.”
Yes, to God be the glory, great things He has done!

By:  Arthur Jackson

Reflect & Pray

What great things have you experienced from the hand of God? How does
reflecting on these increase your trust and hope?

Great things in the past can inspire great joy, great prayer, and
great hope.
