http://odb.org/2010/05/20/a-worthy-offering/

A Worthy Offering

If you do well, will you not be accepted? And if you do not do well,
sin lies at the door. —
Genesis 4:7

Today's Scripture: Genesis 4:1-7

I was delighted when a mutual friend gave my neighbor a Bible. But my
neighbor told me she stopped reading it because she couldn’t
understand why God would be so unfair as to reject Cain’s offering.
“After all,” she said, “as a farmer, he simply brought to God what he
had. Did God expect him to buy a different kind of sacrifice?” Sadly,
she had missed the point.

It wasn’t that God didn’t like vegetables. Rather, He knew that Cain’s
offering was masking an unrighteous attitude. Cain wasn’t fully
committed to God, as expressed by the fact that he wasn’t living
according to His ways.

It’s easy to worship God on the outside while stubbornly keeping
territory from Him on the inside. Jude writes about outwardly
religious people who use religious activities to cover the reality of
their sinful lives: “Woe to them! For they have gone in the way of
Cain” (Jude 11). We can faithfully serve God, sing His praises, and
give sacrificially to His work. But God doesn’t want any of that
without our hearts.

Does the Lord take priority over our plans and dreams? Is He worth
more than the sin that tempts us? When we express to Him that He is
more worthy than anything or anyone else in our lives, it’s an
offering He won’t refuse.

By:  Joe Stowell

Reflect & Pray

Lord, may our worship and our praise, From hearts surrendered to Your
ways, Be worthy offerings of love For all Your blessings from above.
—Sper

God won’t refuse a heart that is surrendered to Him.
