https://odb.org/2018/10/21/my-real-face/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

My Real Face

I thank Christ Jesus our Lord, who has given me strength, that he
considered me trustworthy, appointing me to his service.
1 Timothy 1:12

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Timothy 1:12–17

For years, feelings of unworthiness and shame over my less-than-godly
past had an adverse impact on every aspect of my life. What if others
discovered the extent of my blemished reputation? Though God helped me
muster up courage to invite a ministry leader to lunch, I strived to
seem perfect. I scrubbed my house spotless, whipped up a three-course
meal, and donned my best jeans and blouse.

I rushed to turn off the front-yard sprinklers. Twisting the leaking
nozzle, I screamed when a gush of water drenched me. With towel-dried
hair and smeared makeup, I changed into dry sweat pants and a T-shirt
. . . just in time to hear the doorbell. Frustrated, I confessed my
morning’s antics and motives. My new friend shared her own battles
with fear and insecurity stemming from guilt over past failings. After
we prayed, she welcomed me to her team of God’s imperfect servants.

The apostle Paul accepted his new life in Christ, refusing to deny his
past or let it stop him from serving the Lord (1 Timothy 1:12­–14).
Because Paul knew Jesus’s work on the cross saved and changed him—the
worst of sinners—he praised God and encouraged others to honor and
obey Him (vv. 15–17).

When we accept God’s grace and forgiveness, we’re freed from our past.
Flawed but fiercely loved, we have no reason to be ashamed of our real
faces as we serve others with our God-given gifts.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

Lord, thanks for eliminating our shame and insecurities as You use us
to serve You, no matter what our life looked like before You saved us.

God accepts us as we are, and changes us as we serve Him in love.
