http://odb.org/2011/02/06/overcoming-bias/

Overcoming Bias

There is neither Greek nor Jew, circumcised nor uncircumcised, . . .
slave nor free, but Christ is all and in all. —
Colossians 3:11

Today's Scripture: Colossians 3:8-17

A Washington Post article reported that recent studies into the nature
of prejudice found that almost everyone harbors biases, and these
attitudes affect even those who actively resist them. A University of
Kentucky psychologist says that much of our self-esteem comes from
feeling better about ourselves than about others because of the group
we belong to. Prejudice is not easy to overcome, even within the
family of God.

Paul’s words to the believers at Colosse instruct us today, saying
that our speech and behavior toward fellow Christians should reflect
our oneness in Christ. “[You] have put on the new man,” Paul said,
“where there is neither Greek nor Jew, circumcised nor uncircumcised,
barbarian, Scythian, slave nor free, but Christ is all and in all”
(Col. 3:10-11). Instead of superiority and favoritism, we should
demonstrate compassion, kindness, humility, gentleness, and patience
toward each other (v.12). And above all, we are to “put on love, which
is the bond of perfection” (v.14).

In the body of Christ, no race, nationality, or class is better than
another. Through the cross, Christ has made us one, and we are to
treat each other with honesty, dignity, and love.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

It matters not what race or gender, Rich or poor, or great or small,
The God who made us is not partial— He sent Christ to die for all. —D.
De Haan

Prejudice distorts what it sees, deceives when it talks, and destroys
when it acts.
