https://odb.org/2020/11/23/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Space for Me

Jesus went up on a mountainside and called to him those he wanted, and
they came to him.
Mark 3:13

Today's Scripture & Insight: Mark 3:13–19

He was an aging military veteran, rough-edged and given to even
rougher language. One day a friend cared enough about him to inquire
about his spiritual beliefs. The man’s dismissive response came
quickly: “God doesn’t have space for someone like me.”

Perhaps that was just part of his “tough-guy” act, but his words
couldn’t be further from the truth! God creates space especially for
the rough, the guilt-ridden, and the excluded to belong and thrive in
His community. This was obvious from the beginning of Jesus’ ministry,
when He made some surprising choices for His disciples. First, He
chose several fishermen from Galilee—the “wrong side of the tracks”
from the perspective of those in Jerusalem. He also selected a tax
collector, Matthew, whose profession included extorting from his
oppressed countrymen. Then, for good measure, Jesus invited the
“other” Simon—“the Zealot” (Mark 3:18).

We don’t know much about this Simon (he isn’t Simon Peter), but we do
know about the Zealots. They hated traitors like Matthew, who got rich
by collaborating with the despised Romans. Yet with divine irony,
Jesus chose Simon along with Matthew, brought them together, and
blended them into His team.

Don’t write anyone off as too “bad” for Jesus. After all, He said, “I
have not come to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance” (Luke
5:32). He has plenty of space for the tough cases—people like you and
me.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Who do you know that you think is unlikely to give their life to
Jesus? How might you invite them to consider who Christ is and the
space He has for them?

Dear Father, thank You that salvation is available to anyone who puts
their faith in Jesus.
