https://odb.org/2020/01/12/singing-naturally/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Lifestyle of Praise

I will sing praise to my God as long as I live.
Psalm 146:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 146

Wallace Stegner’s mother died at the age of fifty. When Wallace was
eighty, he finally wrote her a note—“Letter, Much Too Late”—in which
he praised the virtues of a woman who grew up, married, and raised two
sons in the harshness of the early Western United States. She was the
kind of wife and mother who was an encourager, even to those that were
less than desirable. Wallace remembered the strength his mother
displayed by way of her voice. Stegner wrote: “You never lost an
opportunity to sing.” As long as she lived, Stegner’s mother sang,
grateful for blessings large and small.

The psalmist too took opportunities to sing. He sang when the days
were good, and when they weren’t so good. The songs were not forced or
coerced, but a natural response to the “Maker of heaven and earth”
(146:6) and how He “gives food to the hungry” (v. 7) and “gives sight
to the blind” (v. 8) and “sustains the fatherless and the widow” (v.
9). This is really a lifestyle of singing, one that builds strength
over time as daily trust is placed in “the God of Jacob” who “remains
faithful forever” (vv. 5–6).

The quality of our voices isn’t the point, but our response to God’s
sustaining goodness—a lifestyle of praise. As the old hymn puts it:
“There’s within my heart a melody.”

By:  John Blase

Reflect & Pray

How can you make singing praises to God a regular part of your day?
What’s your favorite song of praise? Tell us why on our Facebook page.

Maker of heaven and earth, when I pause and reflect, Your provision
for and protection of me is overwhelming. May my life be a continuous
song of praise to You for as long as I live.
