http://odb.org/2017/02/22/perfect-grace/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Perfect Grace

“Neither do I condemn you,” Jesus declared.
John 8:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 5:43–48; John 8:9–11

Jesus’s teaching about absolute ideals and absolute grace seem
contradictory.

Jesus never lowered God’s perfect ideal. Responding to His disciples
He said, “Be perfect, therefore, as your heavenly Father is perfect”
(Matt. 5:48). He told an expert in the law who inquired as to the
greatest commandment, “Love the Lord your God with all your heart and
with all your soul and with all your mind” (22:37). No one has
completely fulfilled those commands.

Yet the same Jesus tenderly offered absolute grace. He forgave an
adulteress, a thief on the cross, a disciple who had denied ever
knowing Him, and a man named Saul, who had made his mark persecuting
Christians. Grace is absolute and all-encompassing, extending even to
those who nailed Jesus to the cross: “Father, forgive them, for they
do not know what they are doing” were among the last words He spoke on
earth (Luke 23:34).

For years I felt so unworthy when considering Jesus’s absolute ideals
that I missed any notion of His grace. Once I understood this dual
message, however, I went back and found that the message of grace
gusts through Jesus’s life and teachings.

Grace is for the desperate, the needy, the broken, those who cannot
make it on their own. Grace is for all of us.

By:  Philip Yancey

Reflect & Pray

Father, Your all-encompassing grace washes over us and astonishes us.
May we live today as people who enjoy Your complete forgiveness and a
restored relationship with You.

Jesus fulfilled the perfect requirements of the law so that we may
enjoy the perfect peace of His grace.
