http://odb.org/2015/04/21/facing-the-impossible/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Facing The Impossible

See! I have given Jericho into your hand. —
Joshua 6:2

Today's Scripture: Joshua 5:13–6:5

In 2008, house values were tumbling in the United Kingdom. But 2 weeks
after my husband and I put our home of 40 years on the market, a buyer
offered us a good price and we agreed to a sale. Soon our builders
started work on the house I had inherited, which would be our new
home. But a few days before the sale of our old home was finalized,
our buyer pulled out. We were devastated. Now we owned two
properties—one whose value was tumbling rapidly, and the other a
virtual ruin that we could neither sell nor move into. Until we found
a new buyer, we had no money to pay the builder. It was an impossible
situation.

When Joshua faced Jericho, a fortified city in lockdown, he may have
felt as if he was facing an impossible situation (Josh. 5:13–6:27).
But then a Man with a drawn sword appeared to him. Some theologians
think the Man was Jesus Himself. Joshua anxiously asked if He would be
backing the Israelites or their enemies in the forthcoming battle.
“‘Neither one,’ he replied. ‘I am the commander of the Lord’s army’”
(5:14 nlt). Joshua bowed in worship before he took another step. He
still didn’t know how Jericho would be delivered into his hand, but he
listened to God and worshiped Him. Then he obeyed the Lord’s
instructions and the impossible happened.

By:  Marion Stroud

Reflect & Pray

Dear Lord, often when I am faced with an impossible situation I choose
worry rather than trust. Help me to trust You and to remember that
nothing is too hard for You.

Nothing is impossible for the Lord.
