https://odb.org/2017/06/03/someone-to-trust/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Someone to Trust

Many proclaim themselves loyal, but who can find one worthy of trust?
Proverbs 20:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 13:33–35

“I just can’t trust anyone,” my friend said through tears. “Every time
I do, they hurt me.”  Her story angered me—an ex-boyfriend, whom she
really thought she could trust, had started spreading rumors about her
as soon as they broke up.  Struggling to trust again after a pain-
filled childhood, this betrayal seemed just one more confirmation that
people could not be trusted.

I struggled to find words that would comfort. One thing I could not
say was that she was wrong about how hard it is to find someone to
fully trust, that most people are completely kind and trustworthy. Her
story was painfully familiar, reminding me of moments of unexpected
betrayal in my own life. In fact, Scripture is very candid about human
nature. In Proverbs 20:6, the author voices the same lament as my
friend, forever memorializing the pain of betrayal.

What I could say is that the cruelty of others is only part of the
story. Although wounds from others are real and painful, Jesus has
made genuine love possible. In John 13:35, Jesus told His disciples
that the world would know they were His followers because of their
love. Although some people may still hurt us, because of Jesus there
will also always be those who, freely sharing His love, will
unconditionally support and care for us. Resting in His unfailing
love, may we find healing, community, and  courage to love others as
He did.

Welcome to Monica Brands! Meet all our authors at odb.org/all-authors.

By:  Monica La Rose

This article may not have a prayer section.




