http://odb.org/2010/10/03/celebrating-together/

Celebrating Together

For as often as you eat this bread and drink this cup, you proclaim
the Lord’s death till He comes. —
1 Cor. 11:26

Today's Scripture: 1 Cor. 11:23-26

Many churches celebrate the first Sunday in October as World Communion
Sunday. It is a time to observe the Lord’s Supper with a special
awareness of celebrating together with our brothers and sisters in
Christ around the globe. On this day, being with a community of
believers has become very meaningful to me.

One year, however, I found myself in an airport with a long flight
ahead and no opportunity to attend church on that day. Sitting alone,
I read the Gospel accounts of the Last Supper, along with the passages
describing Jesus’ arrest and crucifixion. Then from 1 Corinthians
11:23-26, I pondered the words so often read at communion services:
“The Lord Jesus on the same night in which He was betrayed took bread
. . .” (v.23). With some common elements to represent the bread and
the cup, I observed the Lord’s death for us, feeling a deep kinship
with those followers of Christ in many places who are unable or
forbidden to gather with others in worship.

Whatever your location and circumstances today, may you find joy and
strength in remembering the Lord’s sacrifice on the cross. “For as
often as you eat this bread and drink this cup, you proclaim the
Lord’s death till He comes” (v.26).

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

When Christians join in blessed fellowship Commemorating Jesus’
sacrifice, They sense a common bond of unity Because for every race He
paid the price. —Hess

Celebrating Christ together brings strength and joy.
