http://odb.org/2016/05/16/is-he-good/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium
=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Is He Good?

He said to the woman, “Did God really say . . . ?”
Genesis 3:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: Genesis 3:1-8

“I don’t think God is good,” my friend told me. She had been praying
for years about some difficult issues, but nothing had improved. Her
anger and bitterness over God’s silence grew. Knowing her well, I
sensed that deep down she believed God is good, but the continual pain
in her heart and God’s seeming lack of interest caused her to doubt.
It was easier for her to get angry than to bear the sadness.

Doubting God’s goodness is as old as Adam and Eve (Gen. 3). The
serpent put that thought in Eve’s mind when he suggested that God was
withholding the fruit from her because “God knows that when you eat
from it your eyes will be opened, and you will be like God, knowing
good and evil” (v. 5). In pride, Adam and Eve thought they, rather
than God, should determine what was good for them.

Years after losing a daughter in death, James Bryan Smith found he was
able to affirm God’s goodness. In his book The Good and Beautiful God,
Smith wrote, “God’s goodness is not something I get to decide upon. I
am a human being with limited understanding.” Smith’s amazing comment
isn’t naïve; it arises out of years of processing his grief and
seeking God’s heart.

In times of discouragement, let’s listen well to each other and help
each other see the truth that God is good.

By:  Anne Cetas

Reflect & Pray

Lord, we will praise You in our difficult times like the psalmist did.
You know us, and we turn to You because we know You are good. For more
on this topic, read Why Doesn't God Answer Me from Discovery Series.

The Lord is good to all; he has compassion on all he has made. Psalm
145:9
