https://odb.org/2020/11/15/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

No Impossible Obstacles

Now faith is confidence in what we hope for and assurance about what
we do not see.
Hebrews 11:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: Hebrews 11:1–6, 13–16

As an adult leader, I arranged a student field trip to an obstacle
course. We instructed students to slip into safety gear and scale an
eight-foot wall. Those who went first encouraged each climber to trust
the harness and keep moving forward without looking down. One of our
students stared at the barrier as we secured belts and buckles around
her waist. “There’s no way I can do this,” she said. Affirming the
strength of her harness, we encouraged her and cheered when she
climbed up the wall and stepped onto the high platform.

When we face problems that seem impossible to conquer, fears and
insecurities can cause doubts. The assurance of God’s unchanging
might, goodness, and faithfulness creates a strong harness of trust.
This confident assurance fueled the courage of the Old Testament
saints, who demonstrated that faith trumps our need to know every
detail of God’s plan (Hebrews 11:1–13, 39). With conviction, we seek
God earnestly, often standing alone when we trust Him. We can adjust
the way we approach our challenges by viewing our circumstances with
an eternal perspective—knowing our trials are only temporary (vv.
13–16).

Focusing on the steep climbs in life can prevent us from believing
that God will bring us through. But knowing He’s with us, we can
harness our uncertainties by faith as we trust God to help us overcome
obstacles that once seemed impossible.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

How can you become more courageous in the face of an impossible task? 
How do you feel when you’ve accomplished something you didn’t think
you could do?

Father, thank You for being the Author and Perfecter of my faith, so
that the measure of my faith when I face obstacles is reliant on Your
strength, not my own.
