https://odb.org/2019/09/03/its-slippery-out-here/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

It’s Slippery Out Here!

Do not let my heart be drawn to what is evil.
Psalm 141:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 141

Years ago, when I was learning to ski, I followed my son Josh down
what appeared to be a gentle slope. With my eyes on him I failed to
notice he turned down the steepest hill on the mountain, and I found
myself careening down the slope, completely out of control. I
cratered, of course.

Psalm 141 shows how we can easily find ourselves slipping down sin’s
slope. Prayer is one of the ways we stay alert to those slopes: “Do
not let my heart be drawn to what is evil” (v. 4) is a plea that
echoes the Lord’s Prayer almost exactly: “Lead [me] not into
temptation, but deliver [me] from the evil one” (Matthew 6:13). In His
goodness, God hears and answers this prayer.

And then I find in this psalm another agent of grace: a faithful
friend. “Let a righteous man strike me—that is a kindness; let him
rebuke me—that is oil on my head. My head will not refuse it” (Psalm
141:5). Temptations are subtle. We’re not always aware that we’re
going wrong. A true friend can be objective. “Faithful are the wounds
of a friend” (Proverbs 27:6 nkjv ). It’s hard to accept rebuke, but if
we see the wounding as a “kindness” it can become an anointing that
puts us back on the path of obedience.

May we be open to truth from a trusted friend and rely on God through
prayer.

By:  David H. Roper

Reflect & Pray

What slippery slopes do you gravitate toward? In what ways can you set
a guard over your heart?

Father, please keep my feet from straying. Help me to listen to You
and good friends.
