http://odb.org/2012/03/12/the-greatest-2/

The Greatest

“You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart, with all your
soul, and with all your mind.” This is the first and great
commandment. —
Matthew 22:37-38

Today's Scripture: Matthew 22:34-40

What is the greatest thing in sports? Is it championships? Records?
Honors? In the Palestra, the University of Pennsylvania basketball
arena, a plaque offers a different perspective on the greatest thing
in sports. It reads: “To win the game is great. To play the game is
greater. But to love the game is the greatest of all.” This is a
refreshing reminder that sports are, after all, just the games we
played with joy as kids.

A religious leader once asked Jesus about greatness: “Which is the
great commandment?” (Matt. 22:36). Jesus responded by challenging that
leader to love—love God and love others. Jesus said, “‘You shall love
the Lord your God with all your heart, with all your soul, and with
all your mind.’ This is the first and great commandment. And the
second is like it: ‘You shall love your neighbor as yourself’” (Matt.
22:37-39).

Whatever else our faith in Christ compels us to do, there is nothing
greater we can do than to show our love—for love reveals the heart of
our holy heavenly Father. After all, “God is love” (1 John 4:8). It’s
easy to be sidetracked by lesser things, but our focus must remain on
the greatest thing—loving our God. That in turn enables us to love one
another. There’s nothing greater.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

When amazed by His love for me, To love Him back became my prayer. I
sought an answer sincerely— It was: Love the neighbor who’s there.
—Verway

The proof of our love for God is our obedience to the commands of God.
