https://odb.org/2017/11/20/take-a-number/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Take a Number

Peace I leave with you; my peace I give to you.
John 14:27

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 14:15–27

We have an ancient cherry tree in our backyard that had seen better
days and looked like it was dying, so I called in an arborist. He
checked it out and declared that it was “unduly stressed” and needed
immediate attention. “Take a number,” my wife, Carolyn, muttered to
the tree as she walked away. It had been one of those weeks.

Indeed, we all have anxious weeks—filled with worries over the
direction our culture is drifting or concerns for our children, our
marriages, our businesses, our finances, our personal health and well-
being. Nevertheless, Jesus has assured us that despite disturbing
circumstances we can be at peace. He said, “My peace I give to you”
(John 14:27).

Jesus’s days were filled with distress and disorder: He was
beleaguered by His enemies and misunderstood by His family and
friends. He often had no place to lay His head. Yet there was no trace
of anxiety or fretfulness in His manner. He possessed an inner calm, a
quiet tranquility. This is the peace He has given us—freedom from
anxiety concerning the past, present, and future. The peace He
exhibited; His peace.

In any circumstances, no matter how dire or trivial, we can turn to
Jesus in prayer. There in His presence we can make our worries and
fears known to Him. Then, Paul assures us, the peace of God will come
to “guard [our] hearts and [our] minds in Christ Jesus” (Phil. 4:7).
Even if we’ve had “one of those weeks,” we can have His peace.

By:  David H. Roper

Reflect & Pray

Dear Lord, thank You that I can come to You with every care and Your
peace will guard my mind.

In the midst of troubles, peace can be found in Jesus.
