https://odb.org/2019/12/04/free-from-condemnation

Free from Condemnation

If our hearts condemn us, we know that God is greater than our hearts.
1 John 3:20

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 John 3:19–24

As a couple drove their trailer through dry Northern California, they
felt a tire blow and heard the scrape of metal against pavement. The
sparks ignited the 2018 Carr Fire—a wildfire that burned nearly
230,000 acres, destroyed more than 1,000 homes, and resulted in the
deaths of several people.

When survivors heard how the couple were overcome with grief, they
formed a Facebook page to show “grace and extend kindness . . . for
the shame and despair” enveloping them. One woman wrote: “As someone
that lost their home to this fire—I need you to know my family
[doesn’t blame you], nor [do] any of the other families that lost
homes. . . . Accidents happen. I really hope these kind messages ease
your burden. We will all get through this together.”

Condemnation, our fear that we’ve done something unredeemable, can
cannibalize the human soul. Thankfully, the Scriptures reveal that “if
our hearts condemn us, we know that God is greater than our hearts” (1
John 3:20). Whatever our hidden shame, God is greater than all of it.
Jesus calls us to the healing act of repentance (if needed) or simply
unmasks the shame consuming us. Then, encountering divine redemption,
we “set our hearts at rest in his presence” (v. 19).

Whatever our regrets over things we wish we could undo, God draws us
near. Jesus smiles at us and says, “Your heart is free.”

By:  Winn Collier

Reflect & Pray

How have you experienced shame or condemnation? What does it mean for
you to know that Jesus has freed your heart?

God, I have such regret. I wish I could erase this painful situation
and do it all over. But thank You for giving me grace to learn and
move forward.
