http://odb.org/2010/07/16/judge-not/

Judge Not!

Judge not, that you be not judged. —
Matthew 7:1

Today's Scripture: 1 Corinthians 4:1-5

When Jesus commanded, “Judge not,” He was not implying that we should
be naïve or imprudent. Of course we need to think critically and
analytically in this world where we are often confronted with error
and wrongdoing. Instead, He meant that we should not be condemning or
accusing, a point Paul made eloquently: “Judge nothing before the
time, until the Lord comes, who will both bring to light the hidden
things of darkness and reveal the counsels of the hearts” (1 Cor.
4:5).

Poet Robert Burns made a similar point, writing of those whose actions
are in doubt: “One point must still be greatly dark—the [motive]. Why
they do it.” No one knows another’s motives. God alone can bring to
light what is hidden in darkness; He alone can expose the intentions
of the heart.

Jesus knows the latent forces that motivate others: the cruel
beginnings, the fear, the disappointment, the broken heart, the sin
that is resisted. Moreover, He is working in every submissive heart to
bring it to maturity. Thus in the end—quite often contrary to our
expectations—He will bring praise to those He has brought to
completion.

The Lord alone can try the heart. Until He returns, let’s ask Him to
help us examine our own.

By:  David H. Roper

Reflect & Pray

“Condemn not, judge not”—not to man Is given his brother’s faults to
scan; One task is yours, and one alone— To search out and subdue your
own. —Elliott

Be slow to judge others, but quick to judge yourself.
