https://odb.org/2019/07/07/god-looms-larger/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

God Looms Larger

You come against me with sword and spear and javelin, but I come
against you in the name of the Lord Almighty.
1 Samuel 17:45

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Samuel 17:41–50

Giles Kelmanson, a South African game ranger, described the incredible
scene: two honey badgers battling a pride of six lions. Although
outnumbered, the honey badgers refused to back down from ferocious
predators ten times their size. The lions thought the kill would be
simple, but video footage shows the badgers walking away with
something like a swagger.

David and Goliath offer an even more improbable story. Young,
inexperienced David confronted the fierce Philistine Goliath. Towering
above his young combatant, Goliath possessed brute strength and
unrivaled weaponry—bronze armor and a lethal, razor-edged javelin (1
Samuel 17:5–6). David, a fledgling shepherd, carried only a slingshot
when he arrived at the battlefield with bread and cheeses for his
brothers (vv. 17–18).

Goliath challenged Israel to engage in battle, but no one was willing
to fight. King Saul and “all the Israelites were . . . terrified” (v.
11). Imagine the shock when David stepped into the fray. What gave him
the courage none of Israel’s hardened warriors possessed? For most,
Goliath dominated their vision. David, however, saw God. “The Lord
will deliver [Goliath] into my hands,” he insisted (v. 46). While
everyone else believed Goliath controlled the story, he believed God
loomed larger. And, with a single stone to the giant’s forehead,
David’s faith proved true.

We’re tempted to believe that “Goliath” (our troubles) directs the
story. God is larger, however. He dominates the story of our lives.

By:  Winn Collier

Reflect & Pray

What concerns threaten to overwhelm you these days? How does God’s
reality, the fact that He’s larger, transform your perspective?


