http://odb.org/2016/12/01/the-view-from-400-miles/?utm_source=feedburn
er&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%
29

The View from 400 Miles

The true light that gives light to everyone was coming into the world.
John 1:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 1:1–14

“My perspective on earth changed dramatically the very first time I
went into space,” says Space Shuttle astronaut Charles Frank Bolden
Jr. From four hundred miles above the earth, all looked peaceful and
beautiful to him. Yet Bolden recalled later that as he passed over the
Middle East, he was “shaken into reality” when he considered the
ongoing conflict there. During an interview with film producer Jared
Leto, Bolden spoke of that moment as a time when he saw the earth with
a sense of how it ought to be—and then sensed a challenge to do all he
could to make it better.

When Jesus was born in Bethlehem, the world was not the way God
intended it. Into this moral and spiritual darkness Jesus came
bringing life and light to all (John 1:4). Even though the world
didn’t recognize Him, “to all who did receive him, to those who
believed in his name, he gave the right to become children of God” (v.
12).

When life is not the way it ought to be we are deeply saddened—when
families break up, children go hungry, and the world wages war. But
God promises that through faith in Christ anyone can begin to move in
a new direction.

The Christmas season reminds us that Jesus, the Savior, gives the gift
of life and light to everyone who will receive and follow Him.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Father in heaven, may we share the light and life of Jesus with others
today. Share the hope of Christmas with your family and friends. Visit
us at ourdailybread.org/GiftofGrace for outreach resources.

God is at work to make us who He intends us to be.
