http://odb.org/2016/01/17/a-hint-of-heaven/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Hint of Heaven

Since you are eager for gifts of the Spirit, try to excel in those
that build up the church.
1 Corinthians 14:12

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Corinthians 14:6-12,26

The world-class botanical garden across the street from our church was
the setting for an all-church community gathering. As I walked around
the gardens greeting people I have known for years, catching up with
those I hadn’t seen recently, and enjoying the beautiful surroundings
cared for by people who know and love plants, I realized that the
evening was rich with symbols of how the church is supposed to
function—a little hint of heaven on earth.

A garden is a place where each plant is placed in an environment in
which it will thrive. Gardeners prepare the soil, protect the plants
from pests, and make sure each one receives the food, water, and
sunlight it needs. The result is a beautiful, colorful, and fragrant
place for people to enjoy.

Like a garden, church is meant to be a place where everyone works
together for the glory of God and the good of all; a place where
everyone flourishes because we are living in a safe environment; a
place where people are cared for according to their needs; where each
of us does work we love—work that benefits others (1 Cor. 14:26).

Like well-cared-for plants, people growing in a healthy environment
have a sweet fragrance that draws people to God by displaying the
beauty of His love. The church is not perfect, but it really is a hint
of heaven.

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

How can you promote the health of your church? Ask God to help you
serve others as Christ serves us. Serve in a role that matches your
skills and interests. Listen well to others and pray for them.

Hearts fragrant with the love of Christ display His beauty.
