http://odb.org/2013/02/21/jars-of-clay/

Jars of Clay

We have this treasure in earthen vessels, that the excellence of the
power may be of God and not of us. —
2 Corinthians 4:7

Today's Scripture: 2 Corinthians 4:7-15

When you buy a nice piece of jewelry, it is often tucked into a
setting of black- or dark-colored velvet. I think it’s designed that
way so that your attention is immediately drawn to the beauty of the
jewelry. If the packaging were highly decorated, it would compete with
the beauty of the treasure.

It reminds me of Paul’s comments about the ministry of Jesus through
us, when he said, “We have this treasure in jars of clay” (2 Cor. 4:7
niv). It’s easy to forget that we are the packaging and His work is
the treasure. So we adorn our jars of clay, taking credit for the
things we do to serve Christ. We seek to bring glory to ourselves when
we’ve forgiven someone, or shown mercy, or given generously. The
problem is, when we start seeking affirmation and praise for good
deeds, we compete with the brilliance of the treasure of God working
through us.

When we do things for Christ, it’s not about us but about His glory.
The less obvious we are, the more brilliant He becomes. Which is why,
Paul says, the treasure has been put in jars of clay so that God would
be the one to be glorified. Besides, since when are jars of clay
significant? It’s what’s inside that counts!

By:  Joe Stowell

Reflect & Pray

Help us not to cloud God’s glory Nor with self His light to dim; May
each thought to Christ be captive, Emptied to be filled with Him.
—Anon.

Let the brilliance of the treasure of Christ shine through you as you
live for Him.
