https://odb.org/2020/09/15/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Compassion on the Job

[Jesus] had compassion on them and healed their sick.
Matthew 14:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 14:1–14

My friend Ellen calculates payroll for an accounting firm. This may
sound like a straightforward job, but there are times when employers
submit their information later than requested. Ellen often makes up
for this by working long hours so employees can receive their money
without delay. She does this out of consideration for the families
that depend on those funds to buy groceries, purchase medicine, and
pay for housing.

Ellen’s compassionate approach to her job points me to Jesus. On
earth, He sometimes ministered to people when it was inconvenient for
Him. For instance, Christ wanted some alone time after He heard that
John the Baptist had been killed, so He boarded a boat in search of an
isolated place (Matthew 14:13). Perhaps He needed to grieve for His
relative and pray through His sorrow.

There was just one problem. Crowds of people tagged along behind Him.
This group had various physical needs. It would have been much easier
to send the people away, but “when Jesus landed and saw [them], he had
compassion on them and healed their sick” (v. 14).

Although it was part of Jesus’ calling to teach people and cure their
diseases as He ministered on earth, His empathy affected the way in
which He carried out His responsibilities. May God help us to
recognize His compassion in our lives and give us the strength to pass
it on to others.

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

How have you experienced God’s compassion and care? What prevents you
from showing God’s love when you carry out your daily
responsibilities?

Dear Jesus, thank You for meeting my spiritual and physical needs.
Help my thankfulness to overflow in the world so that I can glorify
You through caring for other people.
