http://odb.org/2015/04/01/pain-with-a-purpose/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Pain With A Purpose

[Jesus said,] “I will see you again and your heart will rejoice, and
your joy no one will take from you.” —
John 16:22

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 16:17-24

I asked several friends what their most difficult, painful experience
in life had been. Their answers included war, divorce, surgery, and
the loss of a loved one. My wife’s reply was, “The birth of our first
child.” It was a long and difficult labor in a lonely army hospital.
But looking back, she said she considers it joyful “because the pain
had a big purpose.”

Just before Jesus went to the cross, He told His followers they were
about to go through a time of great pain and sorrow. The Lord compared
their coming experience to that of a woman during childbirth when her
anguish turns to joy after her child is born (John 16:20-21).
“Therefore you now have sorrow; but I will see you again and your
heart will rejoice, and your joy no one will take from you” (v.22).

Sorrow comes to us all along the road of life. But Jesus, “who for the
joy that was set before Him endured the cross, despising the shame”
(Heb. 12:2), purchased forgiveness and freedom for all who open their
hearts to Him. His painful sacrifice accomplished God’s eternal
purpose of opening the way to friendship and fellowship with Him.

The joy of our Savior outweighed His suffering, just as the joy He
gives us overshadows all our pain.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Dear Father, Your precious Son Jesus chose suffering for me. Thank You
for His sacrifice on my behalf. Thank You that even my pain can be a
tool in Your hands to make me more like Your Son.

Suffering can be like a magnet that draws the Christian close to
Christ.
