https://odb.org/2021/04/08/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Love Reins Us In

It is better not to . . . do anything . . . that will cause your
brother or sister to fall.
Romans 14:21

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 14:1–13

Most young Samoan boys receive a tattoo signaling their responsibility
to their people and their chief. Naturally, then, the marks cover the
arms of the Samoan men’s rugby team members. Traveling to Japan where
tattoos can carry negative connotations, the teammates realized their
symbols presented a problem for their hosts. In a generous act of
friendship, the Samoans wore skin-colored sleeves covering the
designs. “We’re respectful and mindful to . . . the Japanese way,” the
team captain explained. “We’ll be making sure that what we’re showing
will be okay.”

In an age emphasizing individual expression, it’s remarkable to
encounter self-limitation—a concept Paul wrote about in the book of
Romans. He told us that love sometimes requires us to lay down our
rights for others. Rather than pushing our freedom to the boundaries,
sometimes love reins us in. The apostle explained how some people in
the church believed they were free “to eat anything,” but others ate
“only vegetables” (Romans 14:2). While this might seem like a minor
issue, in the first century, adherence to Old Testament dietary laws
was controversial. Paul instructed everyone to “stop passing judgment
on one another” (v. 13), before concluding with particular words for
those who ate freely. “It is better not to eat meat or drink wine or
to do anything else that will cause your brother or sister to fall”
(v. 21).

At times, loving another means limiting our own freedoms. We don’t
have to always do everything we’re free to do. Sometimes love reins us
in.

By:  Winn Collier

Reflect & Pray

When have you seen people limit their freedom for the sake of other
believers in Jesus? What was that like? What’s difficult about those
situations where love reins us in?

God, help me to see where I need to encourage others to experience
freedom and how I need to limit how I use my own freedoms.
