https://odb.org/2019/11/25/gods-special-treasure/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

God’s Special Treasure

But you are . . . God’s special possession.
1 Peter 2:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Peter 2:4–10

Imagine a vast throne room. Seated on the throne is a great king. He’s
surrounded by all manner of attendants, each on their best behavior.
Now imagine a box that sits at the king’s feet. From time to time the
king reaches down and runs his hands through the contents. And what’s
in the box? Jewels, gold, and gemstones particular to the king’s
tastes. This box holds the king’s treasures, a collection that brings
him great joy. Can you see that image in your mind’s eye?

The Hebrew word for this treasure is segulah, and it means “special
possession.” That word is found in such Old Testament Scriptures as
Exodus 19:5, Deuteronomy 7:6, and Psalm 135:4, where it refers to the
nation of Israel. But that same word picture shows up in the New
Testament by way of the pen of Peter the apostle. He’s describing the
“people of God,” those who “have received mercy” (1 Peter 2:10), a
collection now beyond the nation of Israel. In other words, he’s
talking about those who believe in Jesus, both Jew and gentile. And he
writes “But you are . . . God’s special possession” (v. 9).

Imagine that! The great and powerful King of heaven considers you
among His special treasures. He has rescued you from the grip of sin
and death. He claims you as His own. The King’s voice says, “This one
I love. This one is mine.”

By:  John Blase

Reflect & Pray

Can you recall a time when someone genuinely called you “special”?
What effect did it have on you? What does it mean for you to know that
you’re precious to God?

High King of heaven, my identity is found entirely in You, and You
call me Your special treasure. I know this isn’t because of anything
I’ve done, but because of everything You are.
