https://odb.org/2018/01/08/the-debt-eraser/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Debt Eraser

As far as the east is from the west, so far has he removed our
transgressions from us.
Psalm 103:12

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 103:1–12

I blinked back tears as I reviewed my medical bill. Considering my
husband’s severe cut in salary after a lengthy unemployment, even
paying half of the balance would require years of small monthly
installments. I prayed before calling the doctor’s office to explain
our situation and request a payment plan.

After leaving me on hold for a short time, the receptionist informed
me the doctor had zeroed out our account.

I sobbed a thank you. The generous gift overwhelmed me with gratitude.
Hanging up the phone, I praised God. I considered saving the bill, not
as a reminder of what I used to owe but as a reminder of what God had
done.

My physician’s choice to pardon my debt brought to mind God’s choice
to forgive the insurmountable debt of my sins. Scripture assures us
God is “compassionate and gracious” and “abounding in love” (Psalm
103:8). He “does not treat us as our sins deserve” (v. 10). He removes
our sins “as far as the east is from the west” (v. 12), when we repent
and accept Christ as our Savior. His sacrifice erases the debt we once
owed. Completely.

Once forgiven, we aren’t defined by or limited by our past debt. In
response to the Lord’s extravagant gift, we can acknowledge all He’s
done. Offering our devoted worship and grateful affection, we can live
for Him and share Him with others.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

Thank You for erasing our debt completely when we place our confidence
in You, Lord.

Our greatest debt, caused by sin, is erased by our greater God.
