https://odb.org/2020/12/21/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

What to Name the Baby

The virgin will conceive and give birth to a son, and will call him
Immanuel.
Isaiah 7:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 9:2–7

Here’s one conversation Mary didn’t have to have with Joseph as they
awaited the birth of the baby she was carrying: “Joseph, what should
we name the baby?” Unlike most people awaiting a birth, they had no
question about what they would call this child.

The angels who visited Mary and then Joseph told them both that the
baby’s name would be Jesus (Matthew 1:20–21; Luke 1:30–31). The angel
that appeared to Joseph explained that this name indicated that the
baby would “save his people from their sins.”

He would also be called “Immanuel” (Isaiah 7:14), which means “God is
with us,” because He would be God in human form—deity wrapped in
swaddling clothes. The prophet Isaiah revealed additional titles of
“Wonderful Counselor, Mighty God, Everlasting Father, Prince of Peace”
(9:6), because He would be all of those things.

It’s always exciting to name a new baby. But no other baby had such a
powerful, exciting, world-changing name as the one who was “Jesus who
is called the Messiah” (Matthew 1:16). What a thrill for us to be able
to “call on the name of our Lord Jesus Christ” (1 Corinthians 1:2)!
There’s no other name that saves (Acts 4:12).

Let’s praise Jesus and contemplate everything He means to us this
Christmas season!

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

How does reflecting on the name of Jesus encourage you? Which of His
titles from Isaiah 9:6 means the most to you this season? Why?

Thank You, heavenly Father, for sending us One who is our Savior, our
Counselor, our Prince of Peace, and our Messiah. I celebrate His birth
because I know that His life and death and resurrection purchased
eternal life for me.
