https://odb.org/2020/04/22/a-world-of-provision/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A World of Provision

There is the sea, vast and spacious, teeming with creatures beyond
number.
Psalm 104:25

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 104:10–18, 24–26

It’s 2 a.m. when Nadia, a farmer of sea cucumbers, walks into a roped-
off pen in the ocean shallows near her Madagascar village to harvest
her “crop.” The early hour doesn’t bother her. “Life was very hard
before I started farming,” she says. “I didn’t have any source of
income.” Now, as a member of a marine-protection program called
Velondriake, meaning “to live with the sea,” Nadia sees her income
growing and stabilizing. “We thank God that this project appeared,”
she adds.

It appeared in large part because God’s creation provided what their
project needs—a natural supply of sea life. In praise of our providing
God, the psalmist wrote, “He makes grass grow for the cattle, and
plants for people to cultivate” (Psalm 104:14). As well, “there is the
sea . . . teeming with creatures beyond number—living things both
large and small” (v. 25).

It’s a wonder, indeed, how God’s wondrous creation also provides for
us. The humble sea cucumber, for example, helps form a healthy marine
food chain. Careful harvesting of sea cucumbers, in turn, grants Nadia
and her neighbors a living wage.

Nothing is random in God’s creation. He uses it all for His glory and
our good. Thus, “I will sing to the Lord all my life,” says the
psalmist (v. 33). We too can praise Him today as we ponder all that He
provides.

By:  Patricia Raybon

Reflect & Pray

In what ways does God provide for you through His creation? How can
you thank Him for that today?

O Creator God, we’re humbled by Your vast creation and all the ways
You provide for our needs.
