https://odb.org/2020/06/13/he-changed-me/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

He Changed Me

But if a wicked person . . . does what is just and right, they will
save their life.
Ezekiel 18:27

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ezekiel 18:25–32

When John, who ran the biggest brothel in London, was sent to prison,
he falsely believed, I’m a good guy. While there, he decided to attend
the Bible study at the prison because there was cake and coffee, but
he was struck by how happy the other inmates seemed to be. He started
to cry during the first song and later received a Bible. Reading from
the prophet Ezekiel changed him, hitting him “like a thunderbolt.” He
read, “But if a wicked person turns away from [their] wickedness . . .
and does what is just and right, . . . that person will surely live;
they will not die” (18:27–28). God’s Word came alive to him and he
realized, “I wasn’t a good guy . . . I was wicked and I needed to
change.” While praying with the pastor, he said, “I found Jesus Christ
and He changed me.”

These words from Ezekiel were spoken to God’s people when they were in
exile. Although they had turned from God, He longed that they would
rid themselves of their offenses and “get a new heart and a new
spirit” (v. 31). Those words helped John to “Repent and live!” (v. 32)
as he followed Jesus, the One who called sinners to repentance (Luke
5:32).

May we respond to the Spirit’s conviction of sin, that we too might
enjoy forgiveness and freedom.

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

How do you react to the question of whether or not you’re a “good
person”? In what areas of life could you “repent and live”?

Father God, thank You for making me aware of my sinful behavior
through Your Holy Spirit. Soften my heart to repent and to receive
Your forgiveness.
