http://odb.org/2016/11/07/a-difficult-hill-2/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Difficult Hill

He will drink from a brook along the way, and so he will lift his head
high.
Psalm 110:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 110

High in a fold of Jughandle Peak in the mountains north of our home in
Idaho lies a glacial lake. The route to the lake goes up a steep,
exposed ridge through boulders and loose stones. It’s a strenuous
ascent.

At the beginning of the climb, however, there is a brook—a spring that
seeps out of soft, mossy earth and flows through a lush meadow. It’s a
quiet place to drink deeply and prepare for the hard climb ahead.

In John Bunyan’s classic allegory of the Christian life, The Pilgrim’s
Progress, Christian arrives at the foot of a steep ascent called the
Hill Difficulty, “at the bottom of which was a spring . . . Christian
now went to the spring and drank to refresh himself, and then began to
go up the hill.”

Perhaps the difficult mountain you face is a rebellious child or a
serious medical diagnosis. The challenge seems more than you can
endure.

Before you face your next major task, visit the spring of refreshment
that is God Himself. Come to Him with all your weakness, weariness,
helplessness, fear, and doubt. Then drink deeply of His power,
strength, and wisdom. God knows all your circumstances and will supply
a store of comfort, of spiritual strengthening and consolation. He
will lift up your head and give you strength to go on.

By:  David H. Roper

Reflect & Pray

Father, at this moment I turn to You for strength in my weakness,
energy for my weariness, and faith in my doubt. To help strengthen
your trust in God, read Hope: Choosing Faith Instead of Fear at
discoveryseries.org/q0733

He who overrules all things . . . enabled Christian to . . . continue
on his way. John Bunyan, The Pilgrim’s Progress
