https://odb.org/2020/12/25/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Joy to the World

God so loved the world.
John 3:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 3:1–8, 13–16

Every Christmas we decorate our home with nativity scenes from around
the world. We have a German nativity pyramid, a manger scene fashioned
out of olive wood from Bethlehem, and a brightly colored Mexican folk
version. Our family favorite is a whimsical entry from Africa. Instead
of the more traditional sheep and camels, a hippopotamus gazes
contently at the baby Jesus.

The unique cultural perspective brought to life in these nativity
scenes warms my heart as I ponder each beautiful reminder that Jesus’
birth was not just for one nation or culture. It’s good news for the
whole earth, a reason for people from every country and ethnicity to
rejoice.

The little baby depicted in each of our nativity scenes revealed this
truth of God’s heart for the entire world. As John wrote in relation
to Christ’s conversation with an inquisitive Pharisee named Nicodemus,
“For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that
whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life” (John
3:16).

The gift of Jesus is good news for everyone. No matter where on earth
you call home, Jesus’ birth is God’s offer of love and peace to you.
And all who find new life in Christ, “from every tribe and language
and people and nation” will one day celebrate God’s glory forever and
ever (Revelation 5:9).

By:  Lisa M. Samra

Reflect & Pray

In what unique ways do you celebrate the birth of Jesus? How might the
reminder of God’s love for the whole world bring joy this Christmas
season?

Father, thank You for providing salvation through the gift of Your
Son.
