https://odb.org/2020/11/26/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Giving Thanks Always

Give praise to the Lord, proclaim his name; make known among the
nations what he has done.
Isaiah 12:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 12

In the seventeenth century, Martin Rinkart served as a clergyman in
Saxony, Germany, for more than thirty years during times of war and
plague. One year he conducted more than 4,000 funerals, including his
wife’s, and at times food was so scarce that his family went hungry.
Although he could have despaired, his faith in God remained strong and
he gave thanks continually. In fact, he poured his gratitude into “Nun
danket alle Gott,” the song that became the well-loved English hymn,
“Now Thank We All Our God.”

Rinkart followed the example of the prophet Isaiah, who instructed
God’s people to give thanks at all times, including when they’d
disappointed God (Isaiah 12:1) or when enemies oppressed them. Even
then they were to exalt God’s name, making “known among the nations
what he has done” (v. 4).

We might give thanks easily during harvest celebrations such as
Thanksgiving, when we’re enjoying an abundant feast with friends and
family. But can we express our gratitude to God in difficult times,
such as when we’re missing someone from our table or when we’re
struggling with our finances or when we’re locked in conflict with one
close to us?

Let’s echo Pastor Rinkart, joining hearts and voices as we give praise
and thanks to “the eternal God, whom earth and Heaven adore.” We can
“sing to the Lord , for he has done glorious things” (v. 5).

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

In times of hardship, how do you turn to thanksgiving and praise? What
role does God through His Holy Spirit play in this?

Father God, I thank You for Your amazing work in my life. You love me
unendingly, more than I can even express.
