https://odb.org/2021/01/20/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

God’s Footprints

How many are your works, Lord!
Psalm 104:24

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 104:24–35

“I know where God lives,” our four-year-old grandson told my wife,
Cari. “Where is that?” she asked, her curiosity piqued. “He lives in
the woods beside your house,” he answered.

When Cari told me about their conversation, she wondered what prompted
his thinking. “I know,” I responded. “When we went for a walk in the
woods during his last visit, I told him that even though we can’t see
God, we can see the things He’s done.” “Do you see the footprints I’m
making?” I had asked my grandson as we stepped through a sandy place
by a river. “The animals and the trees and the river are like God’s
footprints. We know that He’s been here because we can see the things
He’s made.”

The writer of Psalm 104 also pointed to the evidence for God in
creation, exclaiming “How many are your works, L ord ! In wisdom you
made them all; the earth is full of your creatures” (v. 24). The
Hebrew word for wisdom found here is often used in the Bible to
describe skillful craftsmanship. God’s handiwork in nature proclaims
His presence and makes us want to praise Him.

Psalm 104 begins and ends with the words: “Praise the L ord ” (vv. 1,
35). From a baby’s hand to an eagle’s eye, our Creator’s artistry all
around us speaks of His consummate skill. May we take it all in with
wonder today—and praise Him for it!

By:  James Banks

Reflect & Pray

Where do you see God’s handiwork in creation? How might you point
someone to it—and to Him—today?

I praise You for all You’ve made, God! Help me to live in wonder at
Your wisdom and goodness today.
