https://odb.org/2018/04/28/on-the-job-training/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

On-the-Job Training

Of this gospel I was appointed a herald and an apostle and a teacher.
2 Timothy 1:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Timothy 1:6–14

When my son’s teacher asked me to serve as a chaperone for their
science camp, I hesitated. How could I be a role model when mistakes
littered my past, when I still struggled, stumbled, and slipped into
old bad habits? God helped me love and raise my son, but I often
doubted He could use me to serve others.

Sometimes I still fail to recognize that God—the only perfect One, the
only One who can change hearts and lives—transforms us over time. Then
the Holy Spirit reminds me how Paul encouraged Timothy to embrace his
on-the-job training, persevere in faith, and use the gifts God had
given him (2 Timothy 1:6). Timothy could be courageous because God,
his power source, would help him love and be disciplined as he
continued to grow and serve those within his sphere of influence (v.
7).

Christ saves and empowers us to honor Him with our lives, not because
we have special qualifications but because we’re each valuable members
of His family (v. 9).

We can persevere with confidence when we know our role is to simply
love God and others. Christ’s role is to save us and give us a purpose
that extends beyond our small vision of the world. As we follow Jesus
daily, He transforms us while using us to encourage others as we share
His love and truth wherever He sends us.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

Lord, thanks for affirming we can depend on You completely as we share
You cheerfully, confidently, and courageously.

Knowing our Power-Source personally gives us confidence in our role as
servants to the King.
