http://odb.org/2012/10/14/lessons-from-a-fence/

Lessons From A Fence

Whoever hears these sayings of Mine, and does them, I will liken him
to a wise man who built his house on the rock. —
Matthew 7:24

Today's Scripture: Matthew 7:21-29

When a section of fence around our house blew down in a howling March
wind, my first reaction was to blame the man who built it for me only
a few months before. On further reflection, I knew the fault was mine.
As the fence was nearing completion, I told him there was no need to
replace four existing posts from the previous fence with new ones set
in concrete. “Just attach the new fence to the old posts,” I said. “It
will be fine.” It was—until the winds came.

Jesus told a powerful story to emphasize the importance of building
our lives on the solid foundation of obeying His Word. “Whoever hears
these sayings of Mine, and does them, I will liken him to a wise man
who built his house on the rock: and the rain descended, the floods
came, and the winds blew and beat on that house; and it did not fall,
for it was founded on the rock. But everyone who hears these sayings
of Mine, and does not do them, will be like a foolish man who built
his house on the sand” (Matt. 7:24-26). When the wind and rain beat
against the houses, only the one built on the rock remained standing.

Hearing God’s Word is essential, but doing what He says is the key to
weathering the storms of life. It’s never too late to start building
on the Rock.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

The wise man builds his house on rock Instead of sinking sand; For
when the storms of life descend, That house will surely stand. —Sper

When the world around you is crumbling, God is the Rock on which you
can stand.
