http://odb.org/2013/07/02/a-flying-miracle/

A Flying Miracle

O Lord, how manifold are Your works! In wisdom You have made them all.
The earth is full of Your possessions. —
Psalm 104:24

Today's Scripture: Psalm 104:10-24

Among God’s creatures, the butterfly is one of the most stunningly
beautiful! Its gentle flight, colorful wings, and amazing migratory
patterns are traits that make the butterfly a masterpiece of the
natural world.

This flying insect, while supplying us with visual enjoyment, also
supplies us with amazing examples of the marvels of God’s creative
work.

For instance, the majestic monarch butterfly can travel 3,000 miles on
its migration to Central America—only to end up at the same tree its
parents or even grandparents landed on a generation or two earlier. It
does this guided by a brain the size of a pinhead.

Or consider the monarch’s metamorphosis. After the caterpillar builds
a chrysalis around itself, it releases a chemical that turns its
insides to mush—no perceptible parts. Somehow from this emerges the
brain, internal parts, head, legs, and wings of a butterfly.

One butterfly expert said, “The creation of the body of a caterpillar
into the body and wings of a butterfly is, without doubt, one of the
wonders of life on earth.” Another expert feels that this
metamorphosis is “rightly regarded as a miracle.”

“How manifold are [God’s] works!” (Ps. 104:24)—and the butterfly is
but one of them.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

We stand amazed, God, at the awesome creation You allow us to enjoy.
From distant galaxies to beautiful butterflies, You have given us a
world that speaks loudly of Your love for us. Thank You, Lord, for
creation.

Creation’s design points to the Master Designer.
