http://odb.org/2013/03/23/hope-is-for/

Hope Is For . . .

Let us hold fast the confession of our hope without wavering, for He
who promised is faithful. —
Hebrews 10:23

Today's Scripture: Hebrews 10:19-25

Although I try not to be shocked by the things I see these days, I was
caught off-balance by the message on the woman’s T-shirt as she walked
past me in the mall. The bold letters declared: “Hope Is For Suckers.”
Certainly, being naïve or gullible can be foolish and dangerous.
Disappointment and heartache can be the tragic offspring of unfounded
optimism. But not allowing oneself to have hope is a sad and cynical
way to view life.

Biblical hope is unique; it’s a confident trust in God and what He is
doing in the world and in our lives. That’s something everyone needs!
The writer to the Hebrews clearly stated the importance of hope when
he wrote, “Let us hold fast the confession of our hope without
wavering, for He who promised is faithful” (Heb. 10:23).

Having biblical hope is not foolish, because it has a strong
foundation. We hold fast to the hope we have received in Christ
because our God is faithful. He can be trusted with anything and
everything we will ever face—both for today and forever. Our hope is
grounded in the trustworthy character of the God who loves us with an
everlasting love. So, the T-shirt had it wrong. Hope is not for
suckers; it’s for you and for me!

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

My hope is built on nothing less Than Jesus’ blood and righteousness;
I dare not trust the sweetest frame, But wholly lean on Jesus’ name.
—Mote

Hope that has its foundation in God will not crumble under the
pressures of life.
