http://odb.org/2016/03/03/grandmas-recipe/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Grandma’s Recipe

Remember the days of old; consider the generations long past. Ask your
father and he will tell you, your elders, and they will explain to
you.
Deuteronomy 32:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 145:1-13

Many families have a secret recipe, a special way of cooking a dish
that makes it especially savory. For us Hakkas (my Chinese ethnic
group), we have a traditional dish called abacus beads, named for its
beadlike appearance. Really, you have to try it!

Of course Grandma had the best recipe. Each Chinese New Year at the
family reunion dinner we would tell ourselves, “We should really learn
how to cook this.” But we never got around to asking Grandma. Now she
is no longer with us, and her secret recipe is gone with her.

We miss Grandma, and it’s sad to lose her recipe. It would be far more
tragic if we were to fail to preserve the legacy of faith entrusted to
us. God intends that every generation share with the next generation
about the mighty acts of God. “One generation commends [God’s] works
to another,” said the psalmist (Ps. 145:4), echoing Moses’ earlier
instructions to “remember the days of old . . . . Ask your father and
he will tell you, your elders, and they will explain to you” (Deut.
32:7).

As we share our stories of how we received salvation and the ways the
Lord has helped us face challenges, we encourage each other and honor
Him. He designed us to enjoy family and community and to benefit from
each other.

By:  Poh Fang Chia

Reflect & Pray

Is there someone from a different age group with whom you can share
your faith journey? How about asking someone from an older generation
to share their story with you. What might you learn? Share your story
at ourdailybread.org/story. While there check out stories of God at
work in lives of people around the world.

What we teach our children today will influence tomorrow’s world.
