https://odb.org/2021/04/27/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Learning from Foolishness

The heart of the wise inclines to the right, but the heart of the fool
to the left. Even as fools walk along the road, they lack sense.
Ecclesiastes 10:2–3

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ecclesiastes 10:1–14

A man walked into a convenience store in Wollongong, Australia, put a
$20 bill on the counter and asked for change. When the clerk opened
the cash drawer, the man pulled a gun and asked for all the cash in
the register, which the clerk promptly provided. The man took the cash
from the clerk and fled, leaving the $20 bill on the counter. The
total amount of cash he got from the drawer? Fifteen dollars.

We all act foolishly at times—even if, unlike this thief, we’re trying
to do the right thing. The key is how we learn from our foolish
behavior. Without correction, our poor choices can become habits,
which will negatively shape our character. We’ll become “fools . . .
[who] lack sense” (Ecclesiastes 10:3).

Sometimes it’s hard to admit our foolishness because of the extra work
it requires. Perhaps we need to reflect on a particular character
flaw, and that’s painful. Or maybe we need to admit that a decision
was made hastily and next time we should take more care. Whatever the
reason, it never pays to ignore our foolish ways.

Thankfully, God can use our foolishness to discipline and shape us.
Discipline isn’t “pleasant at the time,” but its training yields good
fruit in the long run (Hebrews 12:11). Let’s accept our Father’s
discipline for our foolish behavior and ask Him to make us more like
the sons and daughters He intends us to be.

By:  Con Campbell

Reflect & Pray

What’s a recent foolish choice you’ve made? What do you think God
wants you to learn from it?

Thank You, Father, for using my foolishness to train me. May I accept
Your discipline graciously as You continue to work in me.
