http://odb.org/2015/11/14/the-mighty-finns/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Mighty Finns

Lord our God, deliver us from his hand, so that all the kingdoms of
the earth may know that you, Lord, are the only God.
Isaiah 37:20

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 37:30-38

It began as a distant, foreboding hum, then grew into an ominous,
earth-rattling din. Soon hundreds of tanks and thousands of enemy
infantrymen swarmed into view of the badly outnumbered soldiers in
Finland. Assessing the murderous wave, an anonymous Finn lent some
perspective. Courageously, he wondered aloud about the enemy: “Where
will we find room to bury them all?”

Some 2,600 years before Finland showed such pluck in that World War II
battle, an anxious Judean citizenry reacted quite differently to their
own overwhelming situation. The Assyrian armies had trapped the people
of Jerusalem inside its walls, where they faced the hopeless prospect
of a starvation-inducing siege. Hezekiah nearly panicked. But then he
prayed, “Lord Almighty, the God of Israel, enthroned between the
cherubim, you alone are God over all the kingdoms of the earth” (Isa.
37:16).

Through the prophet Isaiah, the Lord answered with strong words for
Assyria’s King Sennacherib. “Against whom have you raised your voice
and lifted your eyes in pride? Against the Holy One of Israel!” (v.
23). Then God comforted Jerusalem. “I will defend this city and save
it, for my sake and for the sake of David my servant!” (v. 35). The
Lord defeated Sennacherib and destroyed the Assyrian army (vv. 36-38).

No matter what dangers loom on your horizon today, the God of Hezekiah
and Isaiah still reigns. He longs to hear from each of us and show
Himself powerful.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

In what ways has God shown Himself strong in the past? Share your
story with others in the comments section below.

God is greater than our greatest problem.
