http://odb.org/2012/12/03/the-spirit-of-the-age/

The Spirit Of The Age

You He made alive, who were dead in trespasses and sins, in which you
once walked according to the course of this world. —
Ephesians 2:1-2

Today's Scripture: Ephesians 2:1-10

Every age has its own thoughts, ideas, and values that influence the
culture, the “spirit of the age.” It is the kind of growing consensus
that morally lulls us to sleep, gradually causing us to accept
society’s latest values.

The apostle Paul called this corrupting atmosphere the “course of this
world.” Describing the lives of the believers at Ephesus before they
encountered Christ, he said that they were “dead in trespasses and
sins” and “walked according to the course of this world” (Eph. 2:1-2).
This is the world’s peer pressure—a satanically inspired system of
values and ideas that cultivates a lifestyle that is independent of
God.

Jesus intends for us to live in the world (John 17:15), so worldly
influence is nearly impossible to escape. But He’s given us His Word
to so permeate our thinking that we don’t have to become conformed to
the world’s values (Rom. 12:1-2). Instead, God helps us walk in His
light (Eph. 5:8), in the Spirit (Gal. 5:25), in love (Eph. 5:2), in
truth (3 John 4), and in Christ (Col. 2:6).

As we walk in God’s power and spend time in His Word, He gives us the
strength to live according to kingdom values and not the spirit of the
age.

By:  Dennis Fisher

Reflect & Pray

Father, You have made us alive in Christ and now we have a new kind of
thinking that differs from the world. Teach us Your kingdom’s values
that we might learn to walk in love. Amen.

Although Christians live in this world, their allegiance is to heaven.
