http://odb.org/2015/09/29/piercing-the-darkness/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Piercing the Darkness

The Lord will be your everlasting light, and your God will be your
glory.
Isaiah 60:19

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 60:19-22

I caught my first glimpse of them as a college student. On a frosty,
fall night, far from the lights of the city, I was riding on a hay
wagon loaded with noisy friends when the sky lit up and colors flashed
across the horizon. I was mesmerized. Ever since that night I have
been fascinated with the phenomenon called aurora borealis, also known
as northern lights. Mostly they are seen far north of where I live,
but occasionally they appear in lower latitudes. Having seen them
once, I long to see more. Whenever the conditions are favorable, I say
to my equally fascinated friends, “Maybe tonight . . .”

Throughout Scripture, light and glory are used to describe the coming
of the Lord. A time is coming when the sun and moon will be
unnecessary (Isa. 60:19). And in describing God on His throne, the
apostle John wrote, “The one who sat there had the appearance of
jasper and ruby. A rainbow that shone like an emerald encircled the
throne” (Rev. 4:3).

An emerald circle is an apt description of the northern lights. So
whenever I see glorious light displays in the skies above—whether in
person or via picture or video—I think of it as a foretaste of what is
to come, and I praise God that even now His glory pierces the
darkness.

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

Lord, the world around us is sometimes so dark that it is difficult to
see Your power and goodness. Thank You for the reminders that the
darkness does not and will not last forever. Help us wait with great
expectation for the day when we will see You on Your throne.

Jesus came to give light to a dark world.
