https://odb.org/2019/07/15/out-of-the-trap/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Out of the Trap

I have learned the secret of being content.
Philippians 4:12

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Timothy 6:6–10

The Venus flytrap was first discovered in a small area of sandy
wetlands not far from our home in North Carolina. These plants are
fascinating to watch because they’re carnivorous.

Venus flytraps release a sweet-smelling nectar into colorful traps
that resemble open flowers. When an insect crawls inside, triggering
sensors along the outer rim, the trap clamps shut in less than a
second—capturing its victim. The trap then closes further and emits
enzymes that consume its prey over time, giving the plant nutrients
not provided by the sandy soil.

God’s Word tells of another trap that can capture unexpectedly. The
apostle Paul warned his protégé Timothy: “Those who want to get rich
fall into temptation and a trap and into many foolish and harmful
desires that plunge people into ruin and destruction.” And “some
people, eager for money, have wandered from the faith and pierced
themselves with many griefs” (1 Timothy 6:9–10).

Money and material things may promise happiness, but when they take
first place in our lives, we walk on dangerous ground. We avoid this
trap by living with thankful, humble hearts focused on God’s goodness
to us through Jesus: “godliness with contentment is great gain” (v.
6).

The temporary things of this world never satisfy like God can. True,
lasting contentment is found only through our relationship with Him.

By:  James Banks

Reflect & Pray

Which do you think more about—money or your relationship with God? How
can you give Him the highest priority today?

Loving Lord, You are the greatest blessing of my life! Help me to live
contentedly with all that You are today.
