https://odb.org/2020/09/16/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Give It All You’ve Got

Each of you should give what you have decided in your heart to give.
2 Corinthians 9:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Corinthians 9:6–11

Scaling. It’s a term used in the world of fitness that allows room for
anyone to participate. If the specific exercise is a push-up, for
example, then maybe you can do ten in a row, but I can only do four.
The instructor’s encouragement to me would be to scale back the push-
ups according to my fitness level at the time. We’re not all at the
same level, but we can all move in the same direction. In other words,
she would say, “Do your four push-ups with all the strength you have.
Don’t compare yourself with anyone else. Scale the movement for now,
keep doing what you can do, and you may be amazed in time you’re doing
seven, and even one day, ten.”

When it comes to giving, the apostle Paul was clear: “God loves a
cheerful giver” (2 Corinthians 9:7). But his encouragement to the
believers in Corinth, and to us, is a variation of scaling. “Each of
you should give what you have decided in your heart” (v. 7). We each
find ourselves at different giving levels, and sometimes those levels
change over time. Comparison is not beneficial, but attitude is. Based
on where you are, give generously (v. 6). Our God has promised that
the disciplined practice of such cheerful giving brings enrichment in
every way with a blessed life that results in “thanksgiving to God”
(v. 11).

By:  John Blase

Reflect & Pray

How would you describe your giving: Cheerful? Reluctant? Under
compulsion? Not comparing yourself to anyone else, what might cheerful
giving look like?

Generous God, I want to be a cheerful giver, to give it my best
effort. I know that discipline in this area is crucial. Give me the
wisdom not to compare, the strength to sow generously, and the faith
to leave the results in Your hands.
