http://odb.org/2013/10/26/healthy-ingredients/

Healthy Ingredients

Keep your heart with all diligence, for out of it spring the issues of
life. —
Proverbs 4:23

Today's Scripture: Proverbs 4:14-27

My wife, Martie, is a careful shopper when it comes to buying healthy
and nutritious food. No matter how attractive the packaging looks, she
checks the list of ingredients on the back of the box. Lots of
difficult-to-pronounce words usually announce the presence of
preservatives that work against good nutrition. She always puts those
items back on the shelf and continues to look for labels with lists of
natural food products that contribute to good health.

I’ve often thought that her shopping habits are a lot like what God is
looking for in our lives: It’s what’s on the inside that counts,
regardless of how attractive the outside might be. It’s no wonder that
the wisdom-teller of Proverbs warns us to guard what goes into our
hearts, “for out of it spring the issues of life” (Prov. 4:23).
Wearing the right fashions and keeping ourselves looking young are of
little importance if our hearts harbor greed, hatred, grumpiness,
self-pity, and other counter-productive contents.

So, ask yourself: When others get past the packaging of my life, do
they experience a heart full of healthy, Christ-honoring ingredients?
By putting in grace, kindness, patience, and compassion, we’ll reflect
the wonderful nature of Christ.

By:  Joe Stowell

Reflect & Pray

Lord, teach me to value my heart more than the externals. Grant me the
wisdom to cultivate internal ingredients that will make my heart a
wellspring of life to those whom I come in contact with today.

The contents in your heart are more important than the outer
packaging.
