https://odb.org/2020/03/12/every-opportunity/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Every Opportunity

Be wise in the way you act toward outsiders; make the most of every
opportunity.
Colossians 4:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: Colossians 4:2–6

Ever caught a dragon? I hadn’t until my son convinced me to download a
game on my phone. Producing a digital map mirroring the real world,
the game allows you to catch colorful creatures near you.

Unlike most mobile games, this one requires movement. Anywhere you go
is part of the game’s playing field. The result? I’m doing a lot more
walking! Anytime my son and I play, we strive to maximize every
opportunity to nab the critters that pop up around us.

It’s easy to focus on, even obsess over, a game that’s crafted to
captivate users. But as I played the game, I was convicted with this
question: Am I this intentional about maximizing the spiritual
opportunities around me?

Paul knew the need to be alert to God’s work around us. In Colossians
4, he asked for prayer for an opportunity to share the gospel (v. 3).
Then he challenged, “Be wise in the way you act toward outsiders; make
the most of every opportunity” (v. 5). Paul didn’t want the Colossians
to miss any chance of influencing others toward Christ. But doing so
would require truly seeing them and their needs, then engaging in ways
“full of grace” (v. 6).

In our world, far more things vie for our time and attention than a
game’s imaginary dragons. But God invites us to navigate a real-world
adventure, every day seeking opportunities to point to Him.

By:  Adam R. Holz

Reflect & Pray

When did God use someone in an unexpected way to bring you into deeper
relationship with Him? When has He used you to impact someone’s life
during an ordinary day?

Jesus, thank You that You’re constantly at work in the people around
me. Help me to make the most of every opportunity I have to
demonstrate Your love and grace.
