https://odb.org/2020/12/05/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Yard-Sale Christmas

Godliness with contentment is great gain.
1 Timothy 6:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Timothy 6:6–10, 17–19

A mom felt she’d been overspending on family Christmas gifts, so one
year she decided to try something different. For a few months before
the holiday, she scrounged through yard sales for inexpensive, used
items. She bought more than usual but for far less money. On Christmas
Eve, her children excitedly opened gift after gift after gift. The
next day there were more! Mom had felt guilty about not getting new
gifts so she had additional gifts for Christmas morning. The kids
began opening them but quickly complained, “We’re too tired to open
any more! You’ve given us so much!” That’s not a typical response from
children on a Christmas morning!

God has blessed us with so much, but it seems we’re always looking for
more: a bigger house, a better car, a larger bank account, or [fill in
the blank]. Paul encouraged Timothy to remind people in his
congregation that “we brought nothing into this world, and we can take
nothing out of it. But if we have food and clothing, we will be
content with that” (1 Timothy 6:7–8).

God has given us our very breath and life—besides providing for our
needs. How refreshing it might be to enjoy and be content with
His gifts and to say, You’ve given us so much! We don’t need more.
“Godliness with contentment is great gain” (v. 6).

By:  Anne Cetas

Reflect & Pray

What are you thankful to God for today? How might you learn
contentment?

Father, You’ve blessed me with so much. Teach me each day to give
thanks.
