http://odb.org/2013/12/07/christmas-lights/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Christmas Lights

The people who sat in darkness have seen a great light, and upon those
who sat in the region and shadow of death Light has dawned. —
Matthew 4:16

Today's Scripture: Matthew 5:13-16

In December each year, a neighborhood of 13 families near where we
live sets up a dazzling display of 300,000 Christmas lights. People
drive for miles and wait in line for hours to see the flashing,
colorful lights and hear the music that is programmed to go with it.
The sound-and-light display is so elaborate that it requires a network
of 64 computers to keep everything synchronized.

When I think about these holiday lights, I am reminded of the Light
that makes Christmas a holiday for many—a single Light so bright that
it illuminates the whole world with truth, justice, and love. This
Light—Jesus—is everything that the world is longing and looking for
(Isa. 9:2,6-7). And He has told His followers to display His light so
that others will see and glorify God (Matt. 5:16).

Imagine if Christians worked as hard at shining and synchronizing the
light of God’s love as the families of that neighborhood work when
they illuminate their street with Christmas lights. Perhaps then the
people still living in darkness would make an effort to see this great
Light. When Christians work together to display God’s love, the gospel
will shine more brightly and attract more people to Jesus—the Light of
the world.

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

O to be filled with His life divine; O to be clothed with His power
and might; O to reflect my dear Savior sublime— Always to shine as the
saints in light! —Anon.

Our witness for Christ is a light in a dark world.
