https://odb.org/2020/01/16/bring-what-you-have/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Bring What You Have

“Bring them here to me,” [Jesus] said.
Matthew 14:18

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 6:4–14

“Stone Soup,” an old tale with many versions, tells of a starving man
who comes to a village, but no one there can spare a crumb of food for
him. He puts a stone and water in a pot over a fire. Intrigued, the
villagers watch him as he begins to stir his “soup.” Eventually, one
brings a couple of potatoes to add to the mix; another has a few
carrots. One person adds an onion, another a handful of barley. A
farmer donates some milk. Eventually, the “stone soup” becomes a tasty
chowder.

That tale illustrates the value of sharing, but it also reminds us to
bring what we have, even when it seems to be insignificant. In John
6:1–14 we read of a boy who appears to be the only person in a huge
crowd who thought about bringing some food. Christ’s disciples had
little use for the boy’s sparse lunch of five loaves and two fishes.
But when it was surrendered, Jesus increased it and fed thousands of
hungry people!

I once heard someone say, “You don’t have to feed the five thousand.
You just have to bring your loaves and fishes.” Just as Jesus took one
person’s meal and multiplied it far beyond anyone’s expectations or
imagination (v. 11), He’ll accept our surrendered efforts, talents,
and service. He just wants us to be willing to bring what we have to
Him.

By:  Cindy Hess Kasper

Reflect & Pray

What have you been holding back from God? Why is it difficult to bring
that area of your life to Him?

Jesus, help me to surrender whatever I have to You, knowing You can
multiply a little into a lot.
