https://odb.org/2017/09/14/we-have-a-king/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

We Have a King!

In those days Israel had no king; everyone did as they saw fit.
Judges 21:25

Today's Scripture: Judges 2:11–23

After attacking my husband with hurtful words when a situation didn’t
go my way, I snubbed the Holy Spirit’s authority as He reminded me of
Bible verses that revealed my sinful attitudes. Was nursing my
stubborn pride worth the collateral damage in my marriage or being
disobedient to God? Absolutely not. But by the time I asked for
forgiveness from the Lord and my spouse, I’d left a wake of wounds
behind me—the result of ignoring wise counsel and living as if I
didn’t have to answer to anyone but myself.

There was a time when the Israelites had a rebellious attitude. After
the death of Moses, Joshua led the Israelites into the promised land.
Under his leadership, the Israelites served the Lord (Judg. 2:7). But
after Joshua and the generation that outlived him died, the Israelites
forgot God and what He’d done (v. 10). They rejected godly leadership
and embraced sin (vv. 11–15).

Things improved when the Lord raised up judges (vv. 16–18), who served
like kings. But when each judge died, the Israelites returned to
defying God. Living as if they didn’t have anyone to answer to but
themselves, they suffered devastating consequences (vv. 19–22). But
that doesn’t have to be our reality. We can submit to the sovereign
authority of the eternal Ruler we were made to follow—Jesus—because He
is our living Judge and King of Kings.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

Jesus, please help us remember You are our living King of Kings and
Lord of Lords, almighty and worthy of our loving obedience and trust.

God gives us the power and the privilege to enjoy the rewards of doing
things His way.
