https://odb.org/2019/07/16/precious/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=
feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Precious

You are my Lord; apart from you I have no good thing.
Psalm 16:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 16:1–11

“My precious . . .” First portrayed in Tolkien’s Lord of the Rings
trilogy, the image of the emaciated creature Gollum in his maniacal
obsession with the “precious ring of power” has become an iconic one
today—for greed, obsession, even insanity.

It’s also a troublingly relatable image. In his tormented love-hate
relationship with both the ring and with himself, Gollum’s voice
echoes the hunger in our own hearts. Whether it’s directed at one
thing in particular, or just a vague longing for “more,” we’re sure
that once we finally get our own “precious,” we’ll be satisfied. But
instead, what we thought would make us whole leaves us feeling even
emptier than before.

There’s a better way to live. As David expresses in Psalm 16, when the
longings in our hearts threaten to send us on a desperate, futile
quest for satisfaction (v. 4), we can remember to turn to God for
refuge (v. 1), reminding ourselves that apart from Him we have nothing
(v. 2).

And as our eyes stop looking for satisfaction “out there” to gaze
instead on God’s beauty (v. 8), we find ourselves finally tasting true
contentment—a life of basking in the “joy [of God’s] presence,”
walking with Him each moment in “the way of life”—now and forever (v.
11 nlt ).

By:  Monica La Rose

Reflect & Pray

What’s the thing you often turn to for satisfaction when you lose
sight of God? Who can be a source of support and love for you when you
feel trapped in your addiction to “more”?

God, forgive me for thinking I can find what I need apart from You.
Thank You for always being there even when I forget to look for You.
Draw me to Your side to live in the joy of walking with You.
