https://odb.org/2017/08/23/our-guilt-is-gone/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Our Guilt Is Gone

I said, “I will confess my transgressions to the Lord.” And you
forgave the guilt of my sin.
Psalm 32:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 32:1–11

As a young girl, I invited a friend to browse with me through a gift
shop near my home. She shocked me, though, by shoving a handful of
colorful crayon-shaped barrettes into my pocket and yanking me out the
door of the shop without paying for them. Guilt gnawed at me for a
week before I approached my mom—my confession pouring out as quickly
as my tears.

Grieved over my bad choice of not resisting my friend, I returned the
stolen items, apologized, and vowed never to steal again. The owner
told me never to come back. But because my mom forgave me and assured
me that I had done my best to make things right, I slept peacefully
that night.

King David also rested in forgiveness through confession (Ps. 32:1–2).
He had hidden his sins against Bathsheba and Uriah (2 Sam. 11–12)
until his “strength was sapped” (Ps. 32:3–4). But once David refused
to “cover up” his wrongs, the Lord erased his guilt (v. 5). God
protected him “from trouble” and wrapped him in “songs of deliverance”
(v. 7). David rejoiced because the “ Lord ’s unfailing love surrounds
the one who trusts in him” (v. 10).

We can’t choose the consequences of our sins or control people’s
responses when we confess and seek forgiveness. But the Lord can
empower us to enjoy freedom from the bondage of sin and peace through
confession, as He confirms that our guilt is gone—forever.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

Lord, when we confess our sins and receive Your forgiveness, please
help us believe our guilt is completely and forever wiped away.

When God forgives, our guilt is gone.
