https://odb.org/2020/10/11/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Missing: Wisdom

Give your servant a discerning heart . . . to distinguish between
right and wrong.
1 Kings 3:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Kings 3:5–12

Two-year-old Kenneth went missing. Yet within three minutes of his
mom’s 9-1-1 call, an emergency worker found him just two blocks from
home at the county fair. His mom had promised he could go later that
day with his grandpa. But he’d driven his toy tractor there, and
parked it at his favorite ride. When the boy was safely home, his dad
wisely removed the toy’s battery.

Kenneth was actually rather smart to get where he wanted to go, but
two-year-olds are missing another key quality: wisdom. And as adults
we sometimes lack it too. Solomon, who’d been appointed king by his
father David (1 Kings 2), admitted he felt like a child. God appeared
to him in a dream and said, “Ask for whatever you want me to give you”
(3:5). He replied, “I am only a little child and do not know how to
carry out my duties. . . . So give your servant a discerning heart to
govern your people and to distinguish between right and wrong” (vv.
7–9). God gave Solomon “a breadth of understanding as measureless as
the sand on the seashore” (4:29).

Where can we get the wisdom we need? Solomon said the beginning of
wisdom is a “fear” or awe of God (Proverbs 9:10). So we can start by
asking Him to teach us about Himself and to give us wisdom beyond our
own.

By:  Anne Cetas

Reflect & Pray

In what areas do you need God’s wisdom? What might give you a
teachable heart?

I’m always in need of wisdom, God. I want to follow Your ways. Please
show me which way to go.
