https://odb.org/2020/03/09/watched-by-god/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Watched by God

The Lord watches over you.
Psalm 121:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 121:5–8

Our little grandson waved goodbye, then turned back with a question.
“Grandma, why do you stand on the porch and watch until we leave?” I
smiled at him, finding his question “cute” because he’s so young.
Seeing his concern, however, I tried to give a good answer. “Well,
it’s a courtesy,” I told him. “If you’re my guest, watching until you
leave shows I care.” He weighed my answer, but still looked perplexed.
So, I told him the simple truth. “I watch,” I said, “because I love
you. When I see your car drive away, I know you’re safely heading
home.” He smiled, giving me a tender hug. Finally, he understood.

His childlike understanding reminded me what all of us should
remember—that our heavenly Father is constantly watching over each of
us, His precious children. As Psalm 121 says, “The Lord watches over
you—the Lord is your shade at your right hand” (v. 5).

What assurance for Israel’s pilgrims as they climbed dangerous roads
to Jerusalem to worship. “The sun will not harm you by day, nor the
moon at night. The Lord keeps you from all harm—he will watch over
your life” (vv. 6–7). Likewise, as we each climb our life’s road,
sometimes facing spiritual threat or harm, “The Lord will watch over
[our] coming and going.” Why? His love. When? “Now and forevermore”
(v. 8).

By:  Patricia Raybon

Reflect & Pray

What “mountain” are you climbing today? What assurance do you find in
knowing God is watching over you?

Our loving Father, as we travel the road of life, thank You for
watching over us, keeping us safe.
