http://odb.org/2015/02/19/whose-will/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium
=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Whose Will?

“O My Father, if it is possible, let this cup pass from Me;
nevertheless, not as I will, but as You will.” —
Matthew 26:39

Today's Scripture: Genesis 39:1-6,20-23

“May all things happen according to your will,” is a greeting
frequently exchanged during Chinese New Year. As wonderful as that may
sound, events turn out best when God’s will plays out and not mine.

Given a choice, Joseph would not have wished to be a slave in Egypt
(Gen. 39:1). But despite his captivity, he was “successful” because
“the Lord was with [him]” (v.2). The Lord even blessed his master’s
home “for Joseph’s sake” (v.5).

Joseph would never have chosen to go to prison in Egypt. But he did
when falsely accused of sexual assault. However, for the second time
we read: “the Lord was with Joseph” (v.21). There, he gained the trust
of the warden (v.22) so that “whatever he did, the Lord made it
prosper” (v.23). His downward spiral into prison turned out to be the
start of his rise to the top position in Egypt. Few people would
choose to be promoted the way God promoted Joseph. But Joseph’s God
blesses, despite, and even through, adverse circumstances.

God had a purpose for bringing Joseph to Egypt, and He has a purpose
for placing us where we are. Instead of wishing that all things
happened according to our will, we could say, as our Savior did before
going to the cross, “Not as I will, but as You will” (Matt. 26:39).

By:  C. P. Hia

Reflect & Pray

Lord, it is far too easy to chase my own desires and passions. Forgive
me for my selfish wants and pursuit of self-centered activities. Help
me to place You first and to look for what You are doing and want to
do in my life.

Patient waiting is often the highest way of doing God’s will.
