https://odb.org/2020/03/22/the-picture-of-despair/?utm_source=feedburn
er&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%
29

The Picture of Despair

Then they cried out to the Lord in their trouble, and he delivered
them from their distress.
Psalm 107:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 107:4–9

During the Great Depression in the United States, photographer
Dorothea Lange snapped a photo of Florence Owens Thompson and her
children. This well-known photograph, Migrant Mother, is the picture
of a mother’s despair in the aftermath of the failed pea harvest.
Lange took it in Nipomo, California, while working for the Farm
Security Administration, hoping to make them aware of the needs of the
desperate seasonal farm laborers.

The book of Lamentations presents another snapshot of despair—that of
Judah in the wake of the destruction of Jerusalem. Before the army of
Nebuchadnezzar swept in to destroy the city, the people had suffered
from starvation thanks to a siege (2 Kings 24:10–11). Though their
turmoil was the result of years of disobedience to God, the writer of
Lamentations cried out to God on behalf of his people (Lamentations
2:11–12).

While the author of Psalm 107 also describes a desperate time in
Israel’s history (during Israel’s wanderings in the wilderness, vv.
4–5), the focus shifts to an action step to be taken in hard times:
“Then they cried out to the Lord in their trouble” (v. 6). And what a
wonderful result: “he delivered them from their distress.”

In despair? Don’t stay silent. Cry out to God. He hears and waits to
restore your hope. Though He doesn’t always take us out of hard
situations, He promises to be with us always.

By:  Linda Washington

Reflect & Pray

When have you experienced God’s help in a stressful time? How will you
encourage someone this week who’s facing a crisis?

Heavenly Father, I’m grateful for Your comforting presence.
