http://odb.org/2013/10/16/coade-stone/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_mediu
m=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Coade Stone

Coming to Him as to a living stone, rejected indeed by men, but chosen
by God and precious. —
1 Peter 2:4

Today's Scripture: 1 Peter 2:1-10

Throughout London, there are statues and other items made from a
unique building material called Coade stone. Developed by Eleanor
Coade for her family business in the late 1700s, this artificial stone
is virtually indestructible and has the capacity to withstand time,
weather, and man-made pollution. Though it was a marvel during the
Industrial Revolution, Coade stone was phased out in the 1840s
following Eleanor’s death, and it was replaced by Portland cement as a
building material. In spite of that, however, there remain today
dozens of examples of this sturdy, ceramic-like stone that have
withstood the harsh London environment for over 150 years.

The apostle Peter described Jesus as a living stone. He wrote, “Coming
to Him as to a living stone, rejected indeed by men, but chosen by God
and precious, you also, as living stones, are being built up a
spiritual house” (1 Peter 2:4-5). Precious in the eyes of the Father
is the sacrifice of the Rock of our salvation. Christ is the enduring
stone upon which the Father has built our salvation and the only
foundation for meaningful life (1 Cor. 3:11).

It is only as our lives are built upon His strength that we will be
able to endure the harshness of life in a fallen world.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

My hope is built on nothing less Than Jesus’ blood and righteousness;
I dare not trust the sweetest frame, But wholly lean on Jesus’ name.
—Mote

We have nothing to fear if we stay close to the Rock of Ages.
