https://odb.org/2020/11/28/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Breath and Brevity

All the days ordained for me were written in your book before one of
them came to be.
Psalm 139:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 139:7–16

Mom, my sisters, and I waited by Dad’s bed as his breaths became
shallower and less and less frequent—until they were no more. Dad was
a few days shy of eighty-nine when he slipped quietly into the life
beyond where God awaited him. His departure left us with a void where
he once resided and only memories and mementos to remind us of him.
Yet we have the hope that one day we’ll be reunited.

We have that hope because we believe Dad is with God, who knows and
loves him. When Dad breathed his first breath, God was there breathing
breath into his lungs (Isaiah 42:5). Yet even before his first and
with every breath in between, God was intimately involved in each
detail of Dad’s life, just as He is in yours and mine. It was God who
wonderfully designed and “knit” him together in the womb (Psalm
139:13–14). And when Dad breathed his last breath, God’s Spirit was
there, holding him in love and carrying him to be with Him (vv. 7–10).

The same is true for all of God’s children. Every moment of our brief
life on earth is known by Him (vv. 1–4). We’re precious to Him. With
each day remaining and in anticipation of the life beyond, let’s join
with “everything that has breath” to praise Him. “Praise the L ord ”!
(150:6).

By:  Alyson Kieda

Reflect & Pray

How does knowing that God is intimately involved in your life give you
hope? How can you use your breath to praise Him?

Loving God, thank You for creating me and giving me breath—and for
giving me hope. In the sorrow and losses of life, help me to cling to
You.
