https://odb.org/2019/10/07/hypocrites-3/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

God’s Heart for Hypocrites

She is more righteous than I.
Genesis 38:26

Today's Scripture & Insight: Genesis 38:16–26

“I’d be very disappointed if one of our team members did that,” said a
cricket player, referring to a South African cricketer who’d cheated
in a match in 2016. But only two years later, that same player was
caught in a nearly identical scandal.

Few things rankle us more than hypocrisy. But in the story of Judah in
Genesis 38, Judah’s hypocritical behavior nearly had deadly
consequences. After two of his sons died soon after marrying Tamar,
Judah had quietly abandoned his duty to provide for her needs (vv.
8–11). In desperation, Tamar disguised herself by wearing a
prostitute’s veil, and Judah slept with her (vv. 15–16).

Yet when Judah learned that his widowed daughter-in-law was pregnant,
his reaction was murderous. “Bring her out and have her burned to
death!” he demanded (v. 24). But Tamar had proof that Judah was the
father (v. 25).

Judah could have denied the truth. Instead he admitted his hypocrisy,
and also accepted his responsibility to care for her, saying, “She is
more righteous than I” (v. 26).

And God wove even this dark chapter of Judah and Tamar’s story into
His story of our redemption. Tamar’s children (vv. 29–30) would become
ancestors of Jesus (Matthew 1:2–3).

Why is Genesis 38 in the Bible? One reason is because it’s the story
of our hypocritical human hearts—and of God’s heart of love, grace,
and mercy.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

How do you react when you become aware of your hypocrisy? What would
happen if we all became truly transparent with each other?

Help me to see, Father, that at the heart of the matter, we’re all
hypocrites who need Your forgiveness.
