http://odb.org/2012/09/17/correct-them/

Correct Them

Why do you . . . honor your sons more than Me, to make yourselves fat
with the best of all the offerings of Israel My people? —
1 Samuel 2:29

Today's Scripture: 1 Samuel 2:12,27-36

Therapist and mother Lori Gottlieb says that parents who are obsessed
with their children’s happiness may actually contribute to their
becoming unhappy adults. These parents coddle their children, do not
equip them to deal with the real world, look the other way when their
children do wrong, and neglect disciplining them.

In 1 Samuel, we read that the high priest Eli sometimes looked the
other way. We don’t know what he was like as a father when his boys
were young. But he failed to properly deal with their behavior as
grown men serving in God’s temple. They were selfish, lustful, and
rebellious, putting their own needs ahead of God’s Word and the needs
of the people. At first, Eli rebuked them but they would not listen.
Instead of removing them from service, he looked the other way and let
them continue in their sin. As a result of his sons’ sins and because
Eli honored his sons above the Lord (1 Sam. 2:29), the Lord warned Eli
that his family would suffer judgment (v.34; 4:17-18).

As Christian parents, we have the awesome responsibility to lovingly
discipline our children (Prov. 13:24; 29:17; Heb. 12:9-11). As we
impart God’s wisdom to them, we have the blessing of helping them
develop into responsible, God-fearing adults.

By:  Marvin Williams

Reflect & Pray

They are buds of hope and promise, Possessed by Him whose name is
Love; Lent us here to train and nourish For a better life above.
—Crosby

Failure to discipline our children is a failure to love them.
