https://odb.org/2018/12/23/in-abundance-or-affliction/?utm_source=feed
burner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Br
ead%29

In Abundance or Affliction

The Lord gave and the Lord has taken away; may the name of the Lord be
praised.
Job 1:21

Today's Scripture & Insight: Job 1:13–22

Ann Voskamp’s book One Thousand Gifts encourages readers to search
their lives each day for what the Lord has done for them. In it, she
daily notes God’s abundant generosity to her in gifts both large and
small, ranging from the simple beauty of iridescent bubbles in the
dish sink to the incomparable salvation of sinners like herself (and
the rest of us!). Ann contends that gratitude is the key to seeing God
in even the most troubling of life’s moments.

Job is famous for a life of such “troubling” moments. Indeed, his
losses were deep and many. Just moments after losing all his
livestock, he learns of the simultaneous death of all his ten
children. Job’s profound grief was evidenced in his response: he “tore
his robe and shaved his head” (1:20). His words in that painful hour
make me think Job knew the practice of gratitude, for he acknowledges
that God had given him everything he’d lost (v. 21). How else could he
worship in the midst of such incapacitating grief?

The practice of daily gratitude can’t erase the magnitude of pain we
feel in seasons of loss. Job questioned and grappled through his grief
as the rest of the book describes. But recognizing God’s goodness to
us—in even the smallest of ways—can prepare us to kneel in worship
before our all-powerful God in the darkest hours of our earthly lives.

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

O God, You are the Giver of all good things. Help me to recognize Your
generosity in even the smallest ways and to trust You in seasons of
loss and hardship.

Why not start a gratitude list? Watch how the regular practice of
thankfulness changes your daily life.
