https://odb.org/2019/03/01/no-comparison/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

No Comparison

A heart at peace gives life to the body, but envy rots the bones.
Proverbs 14:30

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 21:17–25

“One of these days I’m going to put it all on Facebook—not just the
good stuff!”

My friend Sue’s comment—made casually over lunch with her
husband—caused me to laugh out loud and also to think. Social media
can be a good thing, helping us stay in touch with and pray for
friends across the years and miles. But if we’re not careful, it can
also create an unrealistic outlook on life. When much of what we see
posted is a “highlight reel” of “the good stuff,” we can be misled
into thinking others’ lives are without trouble, and wonder where our
own went wrong.

Comparing ourselves with others is a sure recipe for unhappiness. When
the disciples compared themselves to each other (see Luke 9:46;
22:24), Jesus quickly discouraged it. Soon after His resurrection,
Jesus told Peter how he would suffer for his faith. Peter then turned
to John and asked, “Lord, what about him?” Jesus answered, “If I want
him to remain alive until I return, what is that to you? You must
follow me” (John 21:21–22).

Jesus pointed Peter to the best remedy for unhealthy comparisons. When
our minds are focused on God and all He’s done for us, self-focused
thoughts fall gently away and we long to follow Him. In place of the
world’s competitive strain and stress, He gives us His loving presence
and peace. Nothing can compare with Him.

By:  James Banks

Reflect & Pray

How can you use social media in a God-honoring way? How can a real
relationship with God keep you from making unhealthy comparisons?

Comparison is the thief of joy. Theodore Roosevelt
