https://odb.org/2020/06/28/redemptions-hope/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Redemption’s Hope

Everyone who calls on the name of the Lord will be saved.
Acts 2:21

Today's Scripture & Insight: Acts 9:1–4, 10–18

The man seemed beyond redemption. His crimes included eight shootings
(killing six) and starting nearly 1,500 fires that terrorized New York
City in the 1970s. He left letters at his crime scenes taunting the
police, and he was eventually apprehended and given consecutive
sentences of twenty-five years to life for each murder.

Yet God reached down to this man. Today he is a believer in Christ who
spends time daily in the Scriptures, has expressed deep regret to his
victims’ families, and continues to pray for them. Although imprisoned
for more than four decades, this man who seemed beyond redemption
finds hope in God and claims, “My freedom is found in one word:
Jesus.”

Scripture tells of another unlikely conversion. Before he met the
risen Christ on the road to Damascus, Saul (who later became the
apostle Paul) was “breathing out murderous threats against the Lord’s
disciples” (Acts 9:1). Yet Paul’s heart and life were transformed by
Jesus (vv. 17–18), and he became one of the most powerful witnesses
for Him in history. The man who once plotted the death of Christians
devoted his life to spreading the hope of the gospel.

Redemption is always a miraculous work of God. Some stories are more
dramatic, but the underlying truth remains the same: None of us
deserve His forgiveness, yet Jesus is a powerful Savior! He
“[saves] completely those who come to God through him” (Hebrews 7:25).

By:  James Banks

Reflect & Pray

Do you know someone who seems like a “tough case” for redemption?
Nothing is too hard for God! Bring that person before Him in prayer.

Dear Jesus, thank You for loving us so much You died to bring us into
a relationship with You.
