http://odb.org/2014/02/04/an-important-command/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

An Important Command

You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart, with all your
soul, with all your mind, and with all your strength. —
Mark 12:30

Today's Scripture & Insight: Mark 12:28-34

When asked by a lawyer to identify the most important rule in life,
Jesus replied, “You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart,
with all your soul, with all your mind, and with all your strength”
(Mark 12:30). In those words, Jesus summed up what God most desires
from us.

I wonder how I can possibly learn to love God with all my heart, soul,
and mind. Neal Plantinga remarks on a subtle change in this
commandment as recorded in the New Testament. Deuteronomy charges us
to love God with all our heart, soul, and strength (6:5). Jesus added
the word mind. Plantinga explains, “You shall love God with everything
you have and everything you are. Everything.”

That helps us change our perspective. As we learn to love God with
everything, we begin to see our difficulties as “our light and
momentary troubles”—just as the apostle Paul described his grueling
ordeals. He had in mind a “far more exceeding and eternal . . . glory”
(2 Cor. 4:17).

In the advanced school of prayer, where one loves God with the entire
soul, doubts and struggles do not disappear, but their effect on us
diminishes. “We love Him because He first loved us” (1 John 4:19), and
our urgent questions recede as we learn to trust His ultimate
goodness.

By:  Philip Yancey

Reflect & Pray

Once earthly joy I craved, sought peace and rest; Now Thee alone I
seek; give what is best. This all my prayer shall be: More love, O
Christ, to Thee. —Prentiss

The most treasured gift we can give to God is one that He can never
force us to give—our love.
