https://odb.org/2017/03/27/image-management/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Image Management

You are precious and honored in my sight, and . . . I love you.
Isaiah 43:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 43:1–9

To celebrate Winston Churchill’s eightieth birthday, the British
parliament commissioned artist Graham Sutherland to paint a portrait
of the celebrated statesman. “How are you going to paint me?”
Churchill reportedly asked the artist: “As a cherub, or the Bulldog?”
Churchill liked these two popular perceptions of him. Sutherland,
however, said he would paint what he saw.

Churchill was not happy with the results. Sutherland’s portrait had
Churchill slumped in a chair wearing his trademark scowl—true to
reality, but hardly flattering. After its official unveiling,
Churchill hid the painting in his cellar. It was later secretly
destroyed.

Like Churchill, most of us have an image of ourselves we want others
to have of us also—whether of success, godliness, beauty, or strength.
We can go to great lengths to conceal our “ugly” sides. Perhaps deep
down we fear we won’t be loved if the real us is known.

When the Israelites were taken captive by Babylon, they were seen at
their worst. Because of their sins, God allowed their enemies to
conquer them. But He told them not to fear. He knew them by name, and
He was with them in every humiliating trial (Isa. 43:1–2). They were
secure in His hands (v. 13) and “precious” to Him (v. 4). Despite
their ugliness, God loved them.

We will find ourselves less motivated to seek the approval of others
when such a truth truly sinks in. God knows the real us and still
loves us immeasurably (Eph. 3:18).

By:  Sheridan Voysey

This article may not have a prayer section.




