http://odb.org/2016/07/18/misplaced-trust/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Misplaced Trust

Some trust in chariots and some in horses, but we trust in the name of
the Lord our God.
Psalm 20:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 20

I like watching birds, an activity I developed while growing up in a
forest village in Ghana where there were many different species of
birds. In the city suburb where I now live, I recently observed the
behavior of some crows that interested me. Flying toward a tree that
had shed most of its leaves, the crows decided to take a rest. But
instead of settling on the sturdy branches, they lighted on the dry
and weak limbs that quickly gave way. They flapped their way out of
danger—only to repeat the useless effort. Apparently their bird-sense
didn’t tell them that the solid branches were more trustworthy and
secure resting places.

How about us? Where do we place our trust? David observes in Psalm
20:7: “Some trust in chariots and some in horses, but we trust in the
name of the Lord our God.” Chariots and horses represent material and
human assets. While these represent things that are useful in daily
life, they don’t give us security in times of trouble. If we place our
trust in things or possessions or wealth, we will find that they
eventually give way beneath us, as the branches gave way beneath the
crows.

Those who trust in their chariots and horses can be “brought to their
knees and fall,” but those who trust in God will “rise up and stand
firm” (v. 8).

By:  Lawrence Darmani

Reflect & Pray

Have you ever trusted someone or something and been disappointed or
let down? Who or what was it? What do you trust in the most?

In a world of change, we can trust our unchanging God.
