http://odb.org/2015/12/12/a-hunger-for-god/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Hunger for God

All Scripture is God-breathed and is useful for teaching, rebuking,
correcting and training in righteousness.
2 Timothy 3:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: Deuteronomy 4:9-14

A-poe-la-pi is an elderly member of the Akha, a hill tribe people who
live on the mountain ranges of Yunnan Province in China. As we visited
him on a recent missions trip, A-poe-la-pi told us that he had missed
the weekly Bible study because of heavy rains. So he implored us,
“Could you share God’s Word with me?”

A-poe-la-pi can’t read, so the weekly gathering is vital to him. As we
read the Bible to him, he listened intently. His earnest attitude
reminded me that when we listen carefully to the story of the inspired
Scriptures, we honor the Lord.

In Deuteronomy 4, Moses urged the Israelites to listen carefully to
the rules and regulations he was teaching them (v. 1). He reminded
them that the source and inspiration behind the teaching was none
other than God Himself, who had spoken to them “out of the fire” of
Sinai (v. 12). Moses said, “He declared to you his covenant . . .
which he commanded you to follow” (v. 13).

May A-poe-la-pi’s hunger to hear God’s Word encourage a similar desire
in us. As the apostle Paul reminds us in 2 Timothy 3:15-16, the
inspired Scriptures have been given for our good and growth—to make us
wise in the salvation and ways of God.

By:  Poh Fang Chia

Reflect & Pray

Lord, give us a hunger to hear and understand the truth of Your Word.
Help us show Your love to others by faithfully living out its
instructions for us.

To know Christ, the Living Word, is to love the Bible, the written
Word.
