https://odb.org/2020/06/12/together-we-win/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Together We Win

Two are better than one . . . : If either of them falls down, one can
help the other up.
Ecclesiastes 4:9–10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Exodus 17:8–13

In the middle of the night, Pastor Samuel Baggaga received a call
asking him to come to the home of a church member. When he arrived, he
found a house engulfed by fire. The father, though burned himself, had
reentered the home to rescue one of his children and emerged with an
unconscious daughter. The hospital, in this rural Ugandan setting, was
six miles (10 kilometers) away. With no transportation available, the
pastor and the father started running to the hospital with the child.
When one of them tired from carrying the injured girl, the other one
took over. Together they made the journey; the father and his daughter
were treated and then fully recovered.

In Exodus 17:8–13 the Lord orchestrated a great victory that included
the efforts of Joshua, who led fighting men on the battlefield; and
Moses, who kept his hands raised while holding the staff of God. When
Moses’ hands grew weary, Aaron and Hur assisted by each holding up one
of his hands until the setting of the sun and the defeat of the enemy.

The value of interdependence can never be underestimated. God, in His
kindness, graciously provides people as His agents for mutual good.
Listening ears and helpful hands; wise, comforting, and correcting
words—these and other resources come to us and through us to others.
Together we win and God gets the glory!

By:  Arthur Jackson

Reflect & Pray

At what times in your life have you benefited from the support of
others? Who might you know who needs you to run with them in this
season of their life?

Father, thank You for those You’ve graciously provided in my life and
for those You’ve allowed me to share life with for our mutual good and
Your glory.
