https://odb.org/2020/01/22/demonstrating-grace-2/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

Demonstrating Grace

You will tread our sins underfoot and hurl all our iniquities into the
depths of the sea.
Micah 7:19

Today's Scripture & Insight: Micah 7:18–20

“In moments where tragedy happens or even hurt, there are
opportunities to demonstrate grace or to exact vengeance,” the
recently bereaved man remarked. “I chose to demonstrate grace.” Pastor
Erik Fitzgerald’s wife had been killed in a car accident caused by an
exhausted firefighter who fell asleep while driving home, and legal
prosecutors wanted to know whether he would seek the maximum sentence.
The pastor chose to practice the forgiveness he often preached about.
To the surprise of both him and the firefighter, the men eventually
became friends.

Pastor Erik was living out of the grace he’d received from God, who’d
forgiven him all of his sins. Through his actions he echoed the words
of the prophet Micah, who praised God for pardoning sin and forgiving
when we do wrong (Micah 7:18). The prophet uses wonderfully visual
language to show just how far God goes in forgiving His people, saying
that He will “tread our sins underfoot” and hurl our wrongdoings into
the deep sea (v. 19). The firefighter received a gift of freedom that
day, which brought him closer to God.

Whatever difficulty we face, we know that God reaches out to us with
loving, open arms, welcoming us into His safe embrace. He “delights to
show mercy” (v. 18). As we receive His love and grace, He gives us the
strength to forgive those who hurt us—even as Pastor Erik did.

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

How do you respond to this story of amazing forgiveness? Can you think
of someone you need to forgive? If so, ask God to help you.

Father God, You love us without ceasing, and You delight to forgive us
when we return to You. Envelop us with Your love, that we might
demonstrate grace to those who hurt us.
