https://odb.org/2018/12/08/home-2/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=fe
ed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Home

In My Father’s house are many mansions; if it were not so, I would
have told you. I go to prepare a place for you.
John 14:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 14:1-6

Recently a friend who sold homes for a living died of cancer. As my
wife and I reminisced about Patsy, Sue recalled that many years ago
Patsy had led a man to faith in Jesus and he became a good friend of
ours.

How encouraging to recall that Patsy not only helped families find
homes to live in here in our community, but she also helped others
make sure they had an eternal home.

As Jesus prepared to go to the cross for us, He showed a keen interest
in our eternal accommodations. He told His disciples, “I go to prepare
a place for you” and reminded them that there would be plenty of room
in His Father’s house for all who trusted Him (John 14:2 nkjv ).

We love to have a nice home in this life—a special place for our
family to eat, sleep, and enjoy each other’s company. But think of how
amazing it will be when we step into the next life and discover that
God has taken care of our eternal accommodations. Praise God for
giving us life “to the full” (John 10:10), including His presence with
us now and our presence with Him later in the place He is preparing
for us (14:3).

Thinking of what God has in store for those who trust Jesus can
challenge us to do as Patsy did and introduce others to Him.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

Lord, while we anticipate the home You’re preparing for us, may we
tell others they too can enjoy forever the home You’re preparing for
all who believe in Jesus.

Who can you talk to today about their need for an eternal home and the
assurance that would bring them?
