https://odb.org/2020/06/10/god-stuff/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium
=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

“God Stuff”

Always be prepared to give an answer to everyone who asks you to give
the reason for the hope that you have.
1 Peter 3:15

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Peter 3:13–18

Most of Mike’s co-workers knew little about Christianity, nor did they
seem to care. But they knew he cared. One day near the Easter season,
someone casually mentioned that they’d heard Easter had something to
do with Passover and wondered what the connection was. “Hey, Mike!” he
said. “You know about this God stuff. What’s Passover?”

So Mike explained how God brought the Israelites out of slavery in
Egypt. He told them about the ten plagues, including the death of the
firstborn in every household. He explained how the death angel “passed
over” the houses whose doorframes were covered by the blood of a
sacrificed lamb. Then he shared how Jesus was later crucified at the
Passover season as the once-and-for-all sacrificial Lamb. Suddenly
Mike realized, Hey, I’m witnessing!

Peter the disciple gave advice to a church in a culture that didn’t
know about God. He said, “Always be prepared to give an answer to
everyone who asks you to give the reason for the hope that you have”
(1 Peter 3:15).

Because Mike had been open about his faith, he got the chance to share
that faith naturally, and he could do so with “gentleness and respect”
(v. 15).

We can too. With the help of God’s Holy Spirit, we can explain in
simple terms what matters most in life—that “stuff” about God.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

How do you feel when someone wants to discuss matters of faith with
you? Why does Peter add that we are to share our faith “with
gentleness and respect”?

Father, help me be ready to explain the hope and purpose You can bring
to life.
