https://odb.org/2020/03/15/the-bill-is-paid/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Bill Is Paid

You shall give it to the Levite, the foreigner, the fatherless and the
widow.
Deuteronomy 26:12

Today's Scripture & Insight: Deuteronomy 26:12–15

“What happened to you?” asked Zeal, a Nigerian businessman, as he bent
over a hospital bed in Lagos. “Someone shot me,” replied the young
man, his thigh bandaged. Although the injured man was well enough to
return home, he wouldn’t be released until he settled his bill—a
policy that many government hospitals in the region follow. After
consulting with a social worker, Zeal anonymously covered the bill
through the charitable fund he’d earlier set up as a way to express
his Christian faith. In return, he hopes that those receiving the gift
of release will one day give to others too.

The theme of giving from God’s bounty pulses throughout the Bible. For
instance, when Moses instructed the Israelites on how to live in the
Promised Land, he told them to give back to God first (see Deuteronomy
26:1–3) and to care for those in need—the foreigners, orphans, and
widows (v. 12). Because they dwelled in a “land flowing with milk and
honey” (v. 15), they were to express God’s love to the needy.

We too can spread God’s love through sharing our material goods,
whether big or small. We might not have the opportunity to personally
give exactly like Zeal did, but we can ask God to show us how to give
or who needs our help.

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

How do you think the patients felt who were released because of Zeal?
If you’ve experienced an unexpected gift of grace, how did you
respond?

God, thank You for caring for those in need. Open my eyes to the
material and spiritual needs of those near and far to me, and help me
to know how to respond. To learn more about finances and the Christian
life, visit christianuniversity.org/ML101.
