https://odb.org/2021/03/16/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Strong Heart

My flesh and my heart may fail, but God is the strength of my heart
and my portion forever.
Psalm 73:26

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 73:21–28

In his book Fearfully and Wonderfully Made, co-authored with Philip
Yancey, Dr. Paul Brand observed, “A hummingbird heart weighs a
fraction of an ounce and beats eight hundred times a minute; a blue
whale’s heart weighs half a ton, beats only ten times per minute, and
can be heard two miles away. In contrast to either, the human heart
seems dully functional, yet it does its job, beating 100,000 times a
day [65–70 times a minute] with no time off for rest, to get most of
us through seventy years or more.”

The amazing heart so thoroughly powers us through life that it has
become a metaphor for our overall inner well-being. Yet, both our
literal and metaphorical hearts are prone to failure. What can we do?

The psalmist Asaph, a worship leader of Israel, acknowledged in Psalm
73 that true strength comes from somewhere—Someone—else. He wrote, “My
flesh and my heart may fail, but God is the strength of my heart and
my portion forever” (v. 26). Asaph was right. The living God is our
ultimate and eternal strength. As the Maker of heaven and earth, He
knows no such limitations to His perfect power.

In our times of difficulty and challenge, may we discover what Asaph
learned through his own struggles: God is the true strength of our
hearts. We can rest in that strength every day.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

How is your metaphorical heart like your spiritual heart? When you
feel like you’re “losing heart,” how can you find strength in your
loving, caring Father?

Heavenly Father, I thank You that when I’m weak, You’re strong. That
when I’m overwhelmed, You’re enough. That when I’m confused, You have
perfect clarity.
