http://odb.org/2013/05/13/tulip-day/

Tulip Day

Consider the lilies of the field . . . ; and yet I say to you that
even Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these. —
Matthew 6:28-29

Today's Scripture: Matthew 6:25-34

Several countries around the world celebrate Tulip Day to welcome the
spring. When I think of tulips, I often think of the Netherlands, but
commercial cultivation of the flower began in the Middle East. Today
these colorful flowers span the globe. An estimated 109 species of
tulips now grace parks, thoroughfares, and home gardens all around the
world.

Last fall I planted some tulip bulbs. Several months later, they
bloomed with vivid colors, announcing the coming of spring. They
reminded me that summer was on the way and with it will come even more
flowers to delight the eye.

Flowers are wonderful reminders to me of the grace of God in our
lives. Our Lord used lilies of the field to remind us of the provision
of our heavenly Father. In His great Sermon on the Mount, Jesus said,
“Consider the lilies of the field . . . ; and yet I say to you that
even Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these. . . .
Will He not much more clothe you, O you of little faith?” (Matt.
6:28-30).

Tulips alert us to the end of winter and the beginning of spring. But
like the lilies of the field, they can also remind us of the One upon
whom we can depend to provide food, clothing, and shelter.

By:  Dennis Fisher

Reflect & Pray

In trees and flowers of the field, In creatures large and small, We
trace the watchful care of Him Who planned and made them all. —King

If Jesus is concerned about flowers and birds, He certainly cares
about you and me.
