https://odb.org/2019/04/19/the-torn-veil/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Torn Veil

We have confidence to enter the Most Holy Place by the blood of Jesus,
by a new and living way opened for us through the curtain, that is,
his body.
Hebrews 10:19–20

Today's Scripture & Insight: Hebrews 10:10–23

It was a dark and somber day in the outskirts of Jerusalem. On a hill
just outside the city walls, a Man who’d been attracting crowds of
eager followers for the past three years hung in disgrace and pain on
a rough wooden cross. Mourners wept and wailed in sorrow. The light of
the sun no longer brightened the afternoon sky. And the intense
suffering of the Man on the cross ended when He cried out in a loud
voice, “It is finished” (Matthew 27:50; John 19:30).

At that very moment, another sound came from the great temple across
town—the sound of ripping fabric. Miraculously, without human
intervention, the huge, thick veil that separated the outer temple
from the holy of holies tore in two from top to bottom (Matthew
27:51).

That torn curtain symbolized the reality of the cross: a new way was
now open to God! Jesus, the Man on the cross, had shed His blood as
the last sacrifice—the one true and sufficient sacrifice (Hebrews
10:10)—which allows all who believe in Him to enjoy forgiveness and
enter into a relationship with God (Romans 5:6–11).

Amidst the darkness of that original Good Friday, we received the best
news ever—Jesus opened a way for us to be saved from our sins and to
experience fellowship with God forever (Hebrews 10:19–22). Thank God
for the message of the torn veil!

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

How has the reality of what happened on Good Friday brought you from
darkness to light? What does it mean for you to experience a
relationship with God?


