http://odb.org/2005/12/08/use-your-weapons/

Use Your Weapons

Above all, [take] the shield of faith with which you will be able to
quench all the fiery darts of the wicked one. —
Ephesians 6:16

Today's Scripture: Ephesians 6:10-20

Above all, [take] the shield of faith with which you will be able to
quench all the fiery darts of the wicked one.  -Ephesians 6:16

While visiting a museum, I was intrigued by a small inscription
describing a class of Roman gladiators-the Retiarii-who fought using
only a net and a trident. Of all the fearsome and lethal weapons
available to those warriors, who often battled to the death, these men
were given two items-a piece of webbing and a three-pronged spear.
When they entered the arena, their survival depended on how well they
used their weapons.

In the spiritual battle we face as Christians, God has chosen our
weapons: “Though we walk in the flesh, we do not war according to the
flesh. For the weapons of our warfare are not carnal but mighty in God
for pulling down strongholds” (2 Corinthians 10:3-4).

It’s worth pausing to look at ourselves in the mirror of Ephesians
6:10-18 to see if we are properly equipped with “the whole armor of
God.” From the helmet of salvation to the shoes of the gospel of
peace, we are to be protected and armed for a conflict that depends
not on human strength but on the power of God.

When we realize the nature of that warfare and the forces against us,
it’s foolish to enter the fray with anything except our God-given
weapons.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Does all the world seem against you And you're in the battle alone?
It's often when you are most helpless That God's mighty power is
known.  -Anon.

Those who wait on the Lord shall renew their strength.  -Isaiah 40:31
