http://odb.org/2014/12/20/in-jesus-name/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

In Jesus’ Name

Until now you have asked nothing in My name. Ask, and you will
receive, that your joy may be full. —
John 16:24

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 14:12-21

One of my favorite collections of photos is of a family dinner.
Preserved in an album are images of Dad, his sons and their wives, and
his grandchildren in a time of thanks-giving and intercession.

Dad had suffered a series of strokes and was not as verbal as usual.
But during that time of prayer, I heard him say with heartfelt
conviction: “We pray in Jesus’ name!” About a year later, Dad passed
from this world into the presence of the One in whose name he placed
such trust.

Jesus taught us to pray in His name. The night before He was
crucified, He gave a promise to His disciples: “Until now you have
asked nothing in My name. Ask, and you will receive, that your joy may
be full” (John 16:24). But the promise of asking in Jesus’ name is not
a blank check that we might get anything to fulfill our personal
whims.

Earlier that evening, Jesus taught that He answers requests made in
His name so that He will bring glory to the Father (John 14:13). And
later that night, Jesus Himself prayed in anguish, “O My Father, if it
is possible, let this cup pass from Me; nevertheless, not as I will,
but as You will” (Matt. 26:39).

As we pray, we yield to God’s wisdom, love, and sovereignty, and we
confidently ask “in Jesus’ name.”

By:  Dennis Fisher

Reflect & Pray

Father in heaven, help us worry less about what we can get from You
and more about what we can learn from You. As Your followers said,
“Increase our faith” (Luke 17:5).

Nothing lies beyond the reach of prayer except that which lies outside
the will of God.
