http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/odb/feed/~3/LiWHdbVRJ_0/

Sweet and Sour

Shall we accept good from God, and not trouble?
Job 2:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Job 2:1–10

When our toddler first bit into a lemon wedge, he wrinkled his nose,
stuck out his tongue, and squeezed his eyes shut. “Sow-wah,” he said
(sour).

I chuckled as I reached for the piece of fruit, intending to toss it
into the trash.

“No!” Xavier scampered across the kitchen to get away from me. “Moe-
wah!” (more). His lips puckered with every juice-squirting bite. I
winced when he finally handed me the rind and walked away.

My taste buds accurately reflect my partiality to the sweet moments in
life. My preference for avoiding all things bitter reminds me of Job’s
wife, who seems to have shared my aversion to the sourness of
suffering.

Job surely didn’t delight in hardship or trouble, yet he honored God
through heart-wrenching circumstances (Job 1:1–22). When painful sores
afflicted Job’s body, he endured the agony (2:7–8). His wife told him
to give up on God (v. 9), but Job responded by trusting the Lord
through suffering and afflictions (v. 10).

It’s natural to prefer avoiding the bitter bites in life. We can even
be tempted to lash out at God when we’re hurting. But the Lord uses
trials, teaching us how to trust Him, depend on Him, and surrender to
Him as He enables us to persevere through difficult times. And like
Job, we don’t have to enjoy suffering to learn to savor the unexpected
sweetness of sour moments—the divine strengthening of our faith.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

Thank You for assuring us that suffering is never wasted when we place
our confidence in who You are, what You’ve done, and what You’re
capable of doing.

God uses suffering to strengthen our faith.
