http://odb.org/2017/02/23/press-on/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=f
eed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Press On

I press on toward the goal to win the prize for which God has called
me heavenward in Christ Jesus.
Philippians 3:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: Philippians 3:12–21

One of my favorite television programs is The Amazing Race. In this
reality show, ten couples are sent to a foreign country where they
must race, via trains, buses, cabs, bikes, and feet, from one point to
another to get their instructions for the next challenge. The goal is
for one couple to get to a designated finishing point before everyone
else, and the prize is a million dollars.

The apostle Paul compared the Christian life to a race and admitted
that he had not yet arrived at the finish line. “Brothers and
sisters,” he said, “I do not consider myself yet to have taken hold of
it. But one thing I do: Forgetting what is behind and straining toward
what is ahead. I press on toward the goal to win the prize” (Phil.
3:13–14). Paul did not look back and allow his past failures to weigh
him down with guilt, nor did he let his present successes make him
complacent. He pressed on toward the goal of becoming more and more
like Jesus.

We are running this race too. Despite our past failures or successes,
let us keep pressing on toward the ultimate goal of becoming more like
Jesus. We are not racing for an earthly prize, but for the ultimate
reward of enjoying Him forever.

By:  Marvin Williams

Reflect & Pray

Read Philippians 4:11–13. How are we able to press on toward our
future hope? Read Hebrews 12:1–2. What are some practical things we
must do to continue to press on and persevere?

Never call it quits in pursuing Jesus.
