https://odb.org/2019/03/30/creator-and-sustainer/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

Creator and Sustainer

The Son is the radiance of God’s glory . . . sustaining all things by
his powerful word.
Hebrews 1:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: Hebrews 1:1–4

Working with a magnifying glass and tweezers, Swiss watchmaker
Phillipe meticulously explained to me how he takes apart, cleans, and
reassembles the tiny parts of specialty mechanical watches. Looking at
all the intricate pieces, Phillipe showed me the essential component
of the timepiece, the mainspring. The mainspring is the component that
moves all the gears to allow the watch to keep time. Without it, even
the most expertly designed watch will not function.

In a beautiful New Testament passage found in the book of Hebrews, the
writer eloquently praises Jesus for being the one through whom God
created the heavens and the earth. Like the intricacy of a specialty
watch, every detail of our universe was created by Jesus (Hebrews
1:2). From the vastness of the solar system to the uniqueness of our
fingerprints, all things were made by Him.

But more than the Creator, Jesus, like a clock’s mainspring, is
essential for the function and flourishing of creation. His presence
continually “[sustains] all things by his powerful word” (v. 3),
keeping all that He has created working together in all its amazing
complexity.

As you have opportunity to experience the beauty of creation today,
remember that “in him all things hold together” (Colossians 1:17). May
the recognition of Jesus’s central role in both creating and
sustaining the universe result in a joyful heart and a response of
praise as we acknowledge His ongoing provision for us.

By:  Lisa M. Samra

Reflect & Pray

What in God’s creation has caused you to worship Him? Why?

Jesus, thank You for the ways You care for and sustain Your creation.
