http://odb.org/2010/06/25/the-right-people/

The Right People

God has set the members, each one of them, in the body just as He
pleased. —
1 Corinthians 12:18

Today's Scripture: 1 Corinthians 12:7-18

The film Miracle tells the true story of the 1980 US Olympic ice
hockey team as it marches to an improbable gold medal. At the outset
of the story, coach Herb Brooks is shown selecting the players for his
team. When he gives assistant coach Craig Patrick a list of names he
has chosen, Craig says in surprise, “You’re missing some of the best
players.” Brooks responds, “I’m not looking for the best players,
Craig—just the right ones.”

Brooks knew that individual talent would take the team only so far. A
willingness to fit into his style of selfless play would be far more
important than talent. Clearly, team success, not individual glory,
was the priority.

The biblical call to service has a similar emphasis. In God’s
purposes, each believer does his or her part, but the results are
team-oriented. After explaining the wide differences in the spiritual
gifts of believers, Paul says, “the manifestation of the Spirit is
given to each one for the profit of all” (1 Cor. 12:7). When we use
the skills God gives us, His purposes are accomplished, and He gets
the glory. In God’s service, it’s not about being the best, the most
talented, or the most gifted. It’s about being the right people—the
ones God “set . . . in the body” (v.18)—joining together to serve the
same team.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Christ builds His church with different stones And makes each one
secure; All shapes and sizes fit in place To make His church endure.
—Anon.

There are no unimportant people in the body of Christ.
