http://odb.org/2010/11/12/more-than-loaves/

More Than Loaves

—
John 6:26

Today's Scripture: John 6:25-36

Seventeenth-century Quaker leader Isaac Pennington said, “The Lord has
been teaching me to live upon Himself—not from anything received from
Him, but upon the life itself.” The people in John 6 wanted to live
off Jesus, but not for the same reason. It was not because their
hearts were loyal to Him, but because their hearts were loyal to what
they thought He could provide for them—namely, food and deliverance
from Roman oppression.

Jesus’ provision of the loaves and fish was a confirmation in their
minds of what He could do for them. Jesus knew that behind their
interest in Him was their hope that He would become a different kind
of king, so He withdrew from them (John 6:14-15). The next day they
looked for Him and found Him, making their quest successful
(vv.22,25-26). So they continued to follow Him because of what they
thought He could provide. But Jesus turned the tables and identified
Himself as the Bread of Life (vv.32-33). They wanted a better life
from Him, but He told them He came to offer them eternal life (v.40).
Only those who believe in Jesus can find true fulfillment—now and
forever.

Follow Jesus, not just because He can provide “the loaves,” but
because He can satisfy your deepest hunger—the quest for eternal
fellowship with Him.

By:  Marvin Williams

Reflect & Pray

I came to Jesus, and I drank Of that life-giving stream; My thirst was
quenched, my soul revived, And now I live in Him. —Bonar

You can experience complete fulfillment if your life is filled with
Christ.
