https://odb.org/2020/09/21/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Making Peace with Trouble

In this world you will have trouble. But take heart! I have overcome
the world.
John 16:33

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 16:25–33

We were almost home when I noticed it: the needle of our car’s
temperature gauge was rocketing up. As we pulled in, I killed the
engine and hopped out. Smoke wafted from the hood. The engine sizzled
like bacon. I backed the car up a few feet and found a puddle beneath:
oil. Instantly, I knew what had happened: The head gasket had blown.

I groaned. We’d just sunk money into other expensive repairs. Why
can’t things just work? I grumbled bitterly. Why can’t things just
stop breaking?

Can you relate? Sometimes we avert one crisis, solve one problem, pay
off one big bill, only to face another. Sometimes those troubles are
much bigger than an engine self-destructing: an unexpected diagnosis,
an untimely death, a terrible loss.

In those moments, we yearn for a world less broken, less full of
trouble. That world, Jesus promised, is coming. But not yet: “In this
world you will have trouble,” He reminded His disciples in John 16.
“But take heart! I have overcome the world” (v. 33). Jesus spoke in
that chapter about grave troubles, such as persecution for your faith.
But such trouble, He taught, would never have the last word for those
who hope in Him.

Troubles small and large may dog our days. But Jesus’ promise of a
better tomorrow with Him encourages us not to let our troubles define
our lives today.

By:  Adam R. Holz

Reflect & Pray

What does it look like for you to surrender your troubles to God? What
might you use as a prompt to remind yourself to offer up your
anxieties to Him throughout the day?

Father, troubles never seem far away. But when they’re close, You’re
even closer. Please help me to cling to You in trust today.
