http://odb.org/2014/07/13/no-grace/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=f
eed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

“No Grace”

The discretion of a man makes him slow to anger, and his glory is to
overlook a transgression. —
Proverbs 19:11

Today's Scripture: 1 Peter 4:1-11

I have nicknamed our car “No Grace.” Sunday mornings are the worst. I
load the car with all the stuff I need for church, get myself in my
seat, close the door, and Jay starts backing out of the garage. While
I am still getting settled, the seat belt warning starts buzzing.
“Please,” I say to it, “all I need is another minute.” The answer,
apparently, is no, because it continues buzzing until I am buckled in.

This minor annoyance is a good reminder of what life would be like if
indeed there were no grace. Each of us would immediately be called to
account for every indiscretion. There would be no time for repentance
or change of behavior. There would be no forgiveness. No mercy. No
hope.

Living in this world sometimes feels like falling into a no-grace
sinkhole. When minor flaws are blown up into major indiscretions or
when people refuse to overlook the faults and offenses of others, we
end up burdened by the weight of guilt that we were never meant to
carry. God, in His grace, sent Jesus to carry the burden for us. Those
who receive God’s gift of grace have the privilege of offering it to
others on Christ’s behalf: “Above all things have fervent love for one
another, for ‘love will cover a multitude of sins’” (1 Peter 4:8).

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

Father God, the culture around us can seem so harsh and hard on people
when they fail. Help me to show grace and patience, because You have
been gracious to me and have forgiven my sin.

When we gratefully acknowledge the grace we’ve received, we joyfully
give it to those in need.
