http://odb.org/2014/09/02/not-even-a-nod/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Not Even A Nod

One of them, when he saw that he was healed, returned, and with a loud
voice glorified God. —
Luke 17:15

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 17:11-19

Traffic was bad and everyone was cranky on that hot afternoon. I
noticed a car with two young men waiting to enter traffic from a fast-
food restaurant driveway. I thought it was nice when the driver ahead
of me let them in.

But when the “nice” driver ahead of me didn’t get a nod or even a
thank you wave, he turned ugly. First he rolled down his window and
shouted at the driver he had let in. Then he gunned his engine and
raced forward as if to ram into his car, honking and yelling as he
continued to vent his anger.

Who was “more wrong”? Did the young driver’s ingratitude justify the
“nice” driver’s angry response? Was he owed a thank you?

Certainly the 10 lepers Jesus healed owed gratitude to Him. How could
only one return to say thank you? I’m struck by Jesus’ response: “Were
there not any found who returned to give glory to God except this
foreigner?” (Luke 17:18). If the King of Kings can get only a 1 in 10
response of thanks, how can we expect more from others? Better to do
our deeds to honor God and serve others than to do them to collect
gratitude. May the grace of God be seen in us even when our kind acts
go unappreciated.

By:  Randy Kilgore

Reflect & Pray

Lord, we like to be recognized for the things we do. Help us to
remember that we are not owed any recognition or thanks but that we
owe You a lifetime of gratitude for the salvation You offer through
Jesus.

Let your light so shine before men, that they may . . . glorify your
Father in heaven. —Matthew 5:16
