https://odb.org/2017/03/06/loving-perfectly/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Loving Perfectly

[Love] always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always
perseveres. Love never fails.
1 Corinthians 13:7–8

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Corinthians 13:4–8

Her voice shook as she shared the problems she was having with her
daughter. Worried about her teenager’s questionable friends, this
concerned mum confiscated her daughter’s mobile phone and chaperoned
her everywhere. Their relationship seemed only to go from bad to
worse.

When I spoke with the daughter, I discovered that she loves her mum
dearly but is suffocating under a smothering love. She longs to break
free.

As imperfect beings, we all struggle in our relationships. Whether we
are a parent or child, single or married, we grapple with expressing
love the right way, saying and doing the right thing at the right
time. We grow in love throughout our lifetime.

In 1 Corinthians 13 the apostle Paul outlines what perfect love looks
like. His standard sounds wonderful, but putting that love into
practice can be absolutely daunting. Thankfully, we have Jesus as our
example. As He interacted with people with varying needs and issues,
He showed us what perfect love looks like in action. As we walk with
Him, keeping ourselves in His love and steeping our mind in His Word,
we’ll reflect more and more of His likeness. We’ll still make
mistakes, but God is able to redeem them and cause good to come out of
every situation, for His love “always protects” and it “never fails”
(vv. 7–8).

By:  Poh Fang Chia

Reflect & Pray

Lord, our intentions are good but we fail each other in so many ways.
Thank You for being our model in showing us how to live and love.

To show His love, Jesus died for us; to show our love, we live for
Him.
