http://odb.org/2016/12/04/the-treasure-in-tomb-7/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

The Treasure in Tomb 7

I rejoice in your promise like one who finds great spoil.
Psalm 119:162

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 119:161–168

In 1932, Mexican archaeologist Alfonso Caso discovered Tomb 7 at Monte
Alban, Oaxaca. He found more than four hundred artifacts, including
hundreds of pieces of pre-Hispanic jewelry he called “The Treasure of
Monte Alban.” It is one of the major finds of Mexican archaeology. One
can only imagine Caso’s excitement as he held a jade cup in its purest
form.

Centuries earlier, the psalmist wrote of a treasure more valuable than
gold or rock crystal. He said, “I rejoice in your promise like one who
finds great spoil” (Ps. 119:162). In Psalm 119, the writer knew how
valuable God’s instructions and promises are to our lives, so he
compared them to the great treasure that comes in hand with the
victory of a conqueror.

Caso’s name is remembered today because of his discovery in Tomb 7. We
can enjoy it if we visit a museum in Oaxaca. However, the psalmist’s
treasure is at our fingertips. Day by day we can dig into the
Scriptures and find diamonds of promises, rubies of hope, and emeralds
of wisdom. But by far the greatest thing we find is the person whom
the book points to: Jesus Himself. After all, He is the Author of the
book.

Let us seek diligently with the confidence that this is the treasure
that will enrich us. As the psalmist said, “Your laws are my treasure;
they are my heart’s delight” (v. 111 nlt).

By:  Keila Ochoa

Reflect & Pray

Father, I want to value the Scriptures as a treasure. Help me enjoy
Your Word every day.

God’s Word is a valuable possession and a guide to life.
