https://odb.org/2019/10/02/catching-foxes-2/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Catching Foxes

Catch for us the foxes, the little foxes that ruin the vineyards.
Song of Songs 2:15

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ephesians 5:1–13

The first time a bat invaded our home we dismissed it as a fluke. But
after a second nighttime visit, I read up on the little critters and
discovered they don’t need much of an opening to pay humans a visit.
In fact, if they find a gap as small as the side of a coin they’ll let
themselves in.

So I loaded up my caulk gun and went on a mission. I went around the
house and closed up every tiny opening I could find.

In Songs of Songs 2:15, Solomon mentions another troublesome mammal.
He writes of the danger of “little foxes,” which can “ruin the
vineyards.” Symbolically, he’s speaking of threats that can enter a
relationship and ruin it. Now I don’t mean to offend bat-lovers or
fox-lovers, but keeping bats out of the house and foxes out of the
vineyard is a bit like dealing with sin in our lives (Ephesians 5:3).
By the grace of God, the Holy Spirit works within us so that we don’t
have to “live according to the flesh but according to the Spirit”
(Romans 8:4). By the Spirit’s power we can resist the temptation to
sin.

Praise God that, in Christ, we’re now “light in the Lord” and can live
in a way that “pleases” Him (Ephesians 5:8–10). The Spirit helps us
catch those little foxes.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

When you’re tempted to sin, how can you lean into the Holy Spirit’s
power to resist it? What little foxes can the Spirit help you deal
with today?

God, use Your power to give me the strength to resist sinning and
damaging my relationship with You and others.
