https://odb.org/2020/04/05/our-mighty-savior/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The One Who Saves

They took palm branches and went out to meet him, shouting, “Hosanna!”
John 12:13

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 12:12–18

He was called “one of the bravest persons alive,” but he wasn’t what
others expected. Desmond was a soldier who declined to carry a gun. As
a medic, he single-handedly rescued seventy-five injured soldiers in
one battle, including some who once called him a coward and ridiculed
him for his faith. Running into heavy gunfire, Desmond prayed
continually, “Lord, please help me get one more.” He was awarded the
Medal of Honor for his heroism.

Scripture tells us that Jesus was greatly misunderstood. On a day
foretold by the prophet Zechariah (9:9), Jesus entered Jerusalem and
the crowd waved branches, shouting, “Hosanna!” (John 12:13). Quoting
Psalm 118:26, they cried: “Blessed is he who comes in the name of the
Lord!” (John 12:13). But the very next verse in that psalm refers to
bringing a sacrifice “with boughs in hand” (Psalm 118:27). While the
crowd in John 12 anticipated an earthly king to save them from Rome,
Jesus was much more. He was King of Kings and our sacrifice—God in the
flesh, willingly embracing the cross to save us from our sins—a
purpose prophesied centuries earlier.

“At first his disciples did not understand all this,” John writes.
Only later “did they realize that these things had been written about
him” (John 12:16). Illumined by His Word, God’s eternal purposes
became clear. Watch Grant Stevenson’s devotional video, “Jesus, the
Savior,” to learn more about the One who saves.

By:  James Banks

This article may not have a prayer section.




