https://odb.org/2019/06/27/untying-the-rope/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Untying the Rope

But Esau ran to meet Jacob and embraced him; he threw his arms around
his neck and kissed him. And they wept.
Genesis 33:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: Genesis 33:1–11

One Christian organization’s mission is to promote the healing nature
of forgiveness. One of their activities involves a skit in which a
person who has been wronged is strapped back to back with a rope to
the wrongdoer. Only the one sinned against can untie the rope. No
matter what she does, she’s got someone on her back. Without
forgiveness—without untying the rope—she cannot escape.

Offering forgiveness to someone who comes to us in sorrow for their
wrongdoing begins the process of releasing us and them from the
bitterness and pain that can cling to us over wrongs we’ve suffered.
In Genesis, we see two brothers separated for twenty years after Jacob
stole Esau’s birthright. After this long time, God told Jacob to
return to his homeland (Genesis 31:3). He obeyed, but nervously,
sending ahead to Esau gifts of herds of animals (32:13–15). When the
brothers met, Jacob bowed at Esau’s feet seven times in humility
(33:3). Imagine his surprise when Esau ran and embraced him, both of
them weeping over their reconciliation (v. 4). No longer was Jacob
held by the sin he committed against his brother.

Do you feel imprisoned by unforgiveness, saddled with anger, fear, or
shame? Know that God through His Son and Spirit can release you when
you seek His help. He will enable you to begin the process of untying
any ropes and setting you free.

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

How do you think Esau felt to see Jacob bowing before him? Could you
similarly humble yourself before someone you’ve wronged? Who do you
need to release through forgiveness?


