https://odb.org/2019/06/21/ending-envy/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Ending Envy

Each one should test their own actions.
Galatians 6:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 6:11–14

The famous French artist Edgar Degas is remembered worldwide for his
paintings of ballerinas. Less known is the envy he expressed of his
friend and artistic rival Édouard Manet, another master painter. Said
Degas of Manet, “Everything he does he always hits off straightaway,
while I take endless pains and never get it right.”

It’s a curious emotion, envy—listed by the apostle Paul among the
worst traits, as bad as “every kind of wickedness, sin, greed, hate,
envy, murder, quarreling, deception, malicious behavior, and gossip”
(Romans 1:29 nlt ). It results from foolish thinking, Paul writes—the
result of worshiping idols instead of worshiping God (v. 28).

Author Christina Fox says that when envy develops among believers,
it’s “because our hearts have turned from our one true love.” In our
envy, she said, “we are chasing after the inferior pleasures of this
world instead of looking to Jesus. In effect, we’ve forgotten whose we
are.”

Yet there’s a remedy. Turn back to God. “Offer every part of yourself
to him,” Paul wrote (Romans 6:13)—your work and life especially. In
another of his letters Paul penned, “Each one should test their own
actions. Then they can take pride in themselves alone, without
comparing themselves to someone else” (Galatians 6:4).

Thank God for His blessings—not just things, but for the freedom of
His grace. Seeing our own God-given gifts, we find contentment again.

By:  Patricia Raybon

Reflect & Pray

What talents, spiritual gifts, and blessings has God given you that
you’ve forgotten to appreciate? Reflecting on them, how does your
heart feel as you return to God?


