https://odb.org/2018/01/16/the-power-of-prayer-2/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

The Power of Prayer

Do not stop crying out to the Lord our God for us, that he may rescue
us.
1 Samuel 7:8

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Samuel 7:7–14

One day, when I was deeply concerned about the welfare of one close to
me, I found encouragement in part of the Old Testament story of
Samuel, a wise leader of the Israelites. As I read how Samuel
interceded for God’s people as they faced trouble, I strengthened my
resolve to pray for the one I loved.

The Israelites faced the threat of the Philistines, who had previously
defeated them when God’s people didn’t trust in Him (see 1 Samuel 4).
After repenting of their sins, they heard that the Philistines were
about to attack. This time, however, they asked Samuel to continue
praying for them (7:8), and the Lord answered clearly by throwing
their enemy into confusion (v. 10). Though the Philistines may have
been mightier than the Israelites, the Lord was the strongest of them
all.

When we ache over the challenges facing those we love, and fear the
situation won’t change, we may be tempted to believe that the Lord
will not act. But we should never underestimate the power of prayer,
for our loving God hears our pleas. We don’t know how He will move in
response to our petitions, but we know that as our Father He longs for
us to embrace His love and to trust in His faithfulness.

Do you have someone you can pray for today?

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

Father God, the way You hear and answer my prayers amazes me.
Strengthen my faith, that I will always believe in Your goodness and
love. Share your prayer request or pray for others at
YourDailyBread.org/prayer.

God hears us when we pray.
