https://odb.org/2020/12/07/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Prayer of the Broken-Down

Help me, Lord my God.
Psalm 109:26

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 109:21–27

“Dear Father in heaven, I’m not a praying man, but if you’re up there,
and you can hear me, show me the way. I’m at the end of my rope.” That
prayer is whispered by a broken-down George Bailey, the character
played by Jimmy Stewart in the classic film It’s a Wonderful Life. In
the now iconic scene, Bailey’s eyes fill with tears. They weren’t part
of the script, but as he spoke that prayer Stewart said he “felt the
loneliness, the hopelessness of people who had nowhere to turn.” It
broke him.

Bailey’s prayer, boiled down, is simply “Help me.” And this is exactly
what’s voiced in Psalm 109. David was at the end of his rope: “poor
and needy,” his “heart . . . wounded” (v. 22), and his body “thin and
gaunt” (v. 24). He was fading “like an evening shadow” (v. 23), and
sensed himself to be an “object of scorn” in the eyes of his accusers
(v. 25). In his extreme brokenness, he had nowhere else to turn. He
cried out for the Sovereign Lord to show him the way: “Help me, Lord
my God” (v. 26).

There are seasons in our lives when “broken down” says it all. In such
times it can be hard to know what to pray. Our loving God will respond
to our simple prayer for help.

By:  John Blase

Reflect & Pray

When was the last time you felt broken down by life? If you have a
family member or friend who currently feels that way, how might you
help?

Dear Father, some days are hard. They feel hopeless. Turn my heart to
You in my brokenness. Give me strength to simply ask for help. To
learn more about the practice of prayer, visit
ChristianUniversity.org/SF120.
