https://odb.org/2019/09/17/more-than-water/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

More than Water

All of you who were baptized into Christ have clothed yourselves with
Christ.
Galatians 3:27

Today's Scripture & Insight: Galatians 3:23–29

One of my earliest childhood memories of church was a pastor walking
down the aisle, challenging us to “remember the waters of our
baptism.” Remember the waters? I asked myself. How can you remember
water? He then proceeded to splash everyone with water, which as a
young child both delighted and confused me.

Why should we think about baptism? When a person is baptized, there’s
so much more to it than water. Baptism symbolizes how through faith in
Jesus, we’ve become “clothed” with Him (Galatians 3:27). Or in other
words, it’s celebrating that we belong to Him and that He lives in and
through us.

As if that weren’t significant enough, the passage tells us that if
we’ve been clothed with Christ our identity is found in Him. We’re the
very children of God (v. 26). As such, we’ve been made right with God
by faith—not by following Old Testament law (vv. 23–25). We’re not
divided against one another by gender, culture, and status. We’re set
free and brought into unity through Christ and are now His own (v.
29).

So there are very good reasons to remember baptism and all it
represents. We aren’t simply focusing on the act itself but that we
belong to Jesus and have become children of God. Our identity, future,
and spiritual freedom are found in Him.

By:  Peter W. Chin

Reflect & Pray

What does it mean for you to be clothed with Christ and to belong to
Him? What are ways in which you can regularly celebrate and remember
the meaning of baptism?

God, help me to never forget that through Jesus I am a child of God!
