http://odb.org/2015/09/22/a-fishing-lesson/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Fishing Lesson

Resist [the devil], standing firm in the faith.
1 Peter 5:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Peter 5:1-9

I was fishing quietly on the clear, still waters of Piatt Lake,
casting next to a lush weedbed. I watched a large smallmouth bass
sneak out of the thick vegetation to investigate. He approached the
tempting night crawler on the end of my line, stared at it, and backed
into the weeds. This happened several times until he spotted the hook.
Then he whipped his tail and disappeared into his lair, never to come
out again.

Satan dangles temptation, like a fishhook, right in front of us. It
looks tasty. It promises gratification. But Satan’s power ends there.
He cannot force us to take the hook. His power stops at the edge of
our will—at our decision point. When we are warned by the Holy Spirit
and decide to say no, Satan can do no more. James says he runs away
(4:7).

As believers, we can receive great comfort from the words of the
apostle Peter, who himself experienced great temptation (Matt.
26:33-35). In later life he wrote, “Be alert and of sober mind. Your
enemy the devil prowls around like a roaring lion . . . . Resist him,
standing firm in the faith” (1 Peter 5:8-9).

Just as that big old bass ignored my hook, we can in God’s strength
successfully resist Satan’s most enticing tactics!

By:  David C. Egner

Reflect & Pray

Father in heaven, thank You for the promise of Your help when we are
tempted and for the truth that Satan’s power is limited. Give us the
wisdom to recognize temptation and the humility to rely on Your Spirit
for the strength to resist.

Respond to the lies of Satan with the truth of God’s Word.
