https://odb.org/2021/04/16/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Extending Mercy

If your brother or sister sins against you, rebuke them; and if they
repent, forgive them.
Luke 17:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 17:1–5

Reflecting on how she forgave Manasseh, the man who killed her husband
and some of her children in the Rwandan genocide, Beata said, “My
forgiving is based on what Jesus did. He took the punishment for every
evil act throughout all time. His cross is the place we find
victory—the only place!” Manasseh had written to Beata from prison
more than once, begging her—and God—for forgiveness as he detailed the
regular nightmares that plagued him. At first she could extend no
mercy, saying she hated him for killing her family. But then “Jesus
intruded into her thoughts,” and with God’s help, some two years
later, she forgave him.

In this, Beata followed Jesus’ instruction to His disciples to forgive
those who repent. He said that even if they “sin against you seven
times in a day and seven times come back to you saying ‘I repent,’ you
must forgive them” (Luke 17:4). But to forgive can be extremely
difficult, as we see by the disciples’ reaction: “Increase our faith!”
(v. 5).

Beata’s faith increased as she wrestled in prayer over her inability
to forgive. If, like her, we’re struggling to forgive, we can ask God
through His Holy Spirit to help us to do so. As our faith increases,
He helps us to forgive.

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

If someone who wronged you later repented, how did you react? How
could God help you to forgive in these situations?

Jesus, thank You for releasing me from the consequences of my sin
through Your death on the cross. I give You the glory! Read The Risk
of Forgiveness at DiscoverySeries.org/HP071.
