https://odb.org/2017/11/16/in-his-presence-3/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

In His Presence

Blessed are those who have learned to acclaim you, who walk in the
light of your presence, Lord.
Psalm 89:15

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 89:1–17

The seventeenth-century monk Brother Lawrence, before a day’s work as
cook in his community, would pray, “O my God . . . grant me your grace
to stay in your presence. Help me in my labors. Possess all my
affections.” As he worked, he kept talking to God, listening for His
leading and dedicating his work to Him. Even when he was busiest, he
would use intervals of relative calm to ask for His grace. No matter
what was happening, he sought for and found a sense of his Maker’s
love.

As Psalm 89 confesses, the fitting response to the Creator of all who
rules the oceans and is worshiped by hosts of angels is to lift up our
lives—our whole lives to Him. When we understand the beauty of who God
is we “hear the joyful call to worship”—whenever and wherever we are,
“all day long” (vv. 15–16 nlt ).

Whether it’s standing in store or airport lines, or waiting on hold
minute after minute, our lives are full of moments like these, times
when we could get annoyed. Or these can be times when we catch our
breath and see each of these pauses as an opportunity to learn to
“walk in the light of [God’s] presence” (v. 15).

The “wasted” moments of our lives, when we wait or lay ill or wonder
what to do next, are all possible pauses to consider our lives in the
light of His presence. guest writer

By:  Harold Myra

Reflect & Pray

Adapted from a book of Brother Lawrence's work by Harold Myra. See
dhp.org/practice.

Every moment can be lived in God’s presence.
