https://odb.org/2020/03/03/fully-known/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Fully Known

Before I formed you . . . I knew you.
Jeremiah 1:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: Jeremiah 1:1–8

“You shouldn’t be here right now. Someone up there was looking out for
you,” the tow truck driver told my mother after he had pulled her car
from the edge of a steep mountain ravine and studied the tire tracks
leading up to the wreck. Mom was pregnant with me at the time. As I
grew, she often recounted the story of how God saved both our lives
that day, and she assured me that God valued me even before I was
born.

None of us escape our omniscient (all-knowing) Creator’s notice. More
than 2,500 years ago He told the prophet Jeremiah, “Before I formed
you in the womb I knew you” (Jeremiah 1:5). God knows us more
intimately than any person ever could and is able to give our lives
purpose and meaning unlike any other. He not only formed us through
His wisdom and power, but He also sustains every moment of our
existence—including the personal details that occur every moment
without our awareness: from the beating of our hearts to the intricate
functioning of our brains. Reflecting on how our heavenly Father holds
together every aspect of our existence, David exclaimed, “How precious
to me are your thoughts, God!” (Psalm 139:17).

God is closer to us than our last breath. He made us, knows us, and
loves us, and He’s ever worthy of our worship and praise.

By:  James Banks

Reflect & Pray

For what aspect of God’s care would you like to praise Him this
moment? How can you encourage someone with the thought that He cares
for them today?

You’re amazing, God! Thank You for holding me up and getting me
through every moment of the day.
