https://odb.org/2018/03/15/revealed-to-be-healed/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

Revealed to Be Healed

Show me your ways, Lord, teach me your paths.
Psalm 25:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 25:1–11

As a boy, I watched my father plow fields that had never been
cultivated. On the first pass the plowshare would turn up large rocks
that he hauled away. Then, he would plow the field again, and then
again, to further break up the soil. With each pass the plow turned up
other, smaller rocks that he cast aside. The process continued,
requiring many passes through the field.

Growth in grace can look like a similar process. When we first become
believers, some “big” sins may be exposed. We confess them to God and
accept His forgiveness. But as the years pass by, and as God’s Word
passes through us and sinks into our innermost being, the Holy Spirit
brings other sins to the surface. Sins of the spirit once thought to
be mere peccadilloes—small, seemingly unimportant offenses—are
revealed as ugly, ruinous attitudes and actions. Sins like pride,
self-pity, complaining, pettiness, prejudice, spite, self-serving
indulgence.

God reveals each sin so He can cast it aside. He reveals to heal. When
harmful hidden attitudes come to the surface, we can pray as the
psalmist David did, “For the sake of your name, Lord , forgive my
iniquity, though it is great” (Psalm 25:11).

Humbling exposure, though painful, is good for the soul. It’s one of
the ways in which He “instructs sinners in his ways.” He “guides the
humble in what is right and teaches them his way” (vv. 8–9).

By:  David H. Roper

Reflect & Pray

Thank You, Lord, that You remember us according to Your love. Instruct
us and guide us. Teach us to live as those who have been forgiven
much.

Jesus takes us as we are and makes us what we should be.
