https://odb.org/2020/10/20/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Golden Scars

If I must boast, I will boast of the things that show my weakness.
2 Corinthians 11:30

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Corinthians 12:1–10

In the Netherlands, a group of fashion designers offer a “Golden
Joinery” workshop. Inspired by the Japanese technique Kintsugi, where
broken porcelain is visibly repaired with gold, participants
collaborate in mending clothes in ways that highlight the mending work
rather than trying to mask it. Those who are invited bring “a dear but
broken garment and mend it with gold.” As they remake their clothes,
the repair becomes ornamental, a “golden scar.”

Articles of clothing are transformed in ways that highlight the places
where they were torn or frayed. Perhaps this is something like what
Paul meant when he said that he would “boast” in the things that
showed his weakness. Although he’d experienced “surpassingly great
revelations,” he doesn’t brag about them (2 Corinthians 12:6). He is
kept from getting proud and overconfident, he says, by a “thorn” in
his flesh (v. 7). No one knows exactly what he was referring
to—perhaps depression, a form of malaria, persecution from enemies, or
something else. Whatever it was, he begged God to take it away. But
God said, “My grace is sufficient for you, for my power is made
perfect in weakness” (v. 9).

Just as the rips and tears in old clothes can become sights of beauty
as they’re remade by designers, the broken and weak places in our
lives can become places where God’s power and glory may shine.
He holds us together, transforms us, and makes our weaknesses
beautiful.

By:  Amy Peterson

Reflect & Pray

What are some weaknesses you try to keep hidden from the world? How
has God revealed His power through your weakness?

God, may all my scars become golden as You heal and repair me in ways
that bring glory to Your name.
