https://odb.org/2021/03/20/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Loving Correction

Whoever heeds life-giving correction will be at home among the wise.
Proverbs 15:31

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 10:38–42

For more than fifty years, my dad strove for excellence in his
editing. His passion wasn’t to just look for mistakes but also to make
the copy better in terms of clarity, logic, flow, and grammar. Dad
used a green pen for his corrections, rather than a red one. A green
pen he felt was “friendlier,” while slashes of red might be jarring to
a novice or less confident writer. His objective was to gently point
out a better way.

When Jesus corrected people, He did so in love. In some
circumstances—such as when He was confronted with the hypocrisy of the
Pharisees (Matthew 23)—He rebuked them harshly, yet still for their
benefit. But in the case of his friend Martha, a gentle correction was
all that was needed (Luke 10:38–42). While the Pharisees responded
poorly to His rebuke, Martha remained one of His dearest friends (John
11:5).

Correction can be uncomfortable and few of us like it. Sometimes,
because of our pride, it’s hard to receive it graciously. The book of
Proverbs talks much about wisdom and indicates that “heeding
correction” is a sign of wisdom and understanding (15:31–32).

God’s loving correction helps us to adjust our direction and to follow
Him more closely. Those who refuse it are sternly warned (v. 10), but
those who respond to it through the power of the Holy Spirit will gain
wisdom and understanding (vv. 31–32).

By:  Cindy Hess Kasper

Reflect & Pray

How do you usually respond to loving correction from your heavenly
Father? What correction have you received from someone that’s made a
significant difference in your life?

Father, help me learn to graciously accept Your loving correction so I
can grow in wisdom and understanding.
