http://odb.org/2014/06/17/the-light-of-the-lamb/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Light Of The Lamb

The city had no need of the sun or of the moon to shine in it, for the
glory of God illuminated it. The Lamb is its light. —
Revelation 21:23

Today's Scripture & Insight: Revelation 21:14-27

For countless generations people have looked to the sun and moon to
light the day and the night. Whether illuminating our path or
providing the life-giving radiance for fruitful crops and the
nutrients our bodies need, the sun and moon are part of God’s
marvelous provision of light. The book of Genesis tells us that God
gave “the greater light to rule the day, and the lesser light to rule
the night” (Gen. 1:16).

But someday God will provide a different kind of illumination. Of the
eternal heavenly city, John writes: “The city had no need of the sun
or of the moon to shine in it, for the glory of God illuminated it.
The Lamb is its light” (Rev. 21:23). Interestingly, the word
translated “light” here is more accurately rendered lamp. Christ in
His glorified state will be the spiritual lamp that lights up that
joyous new world.

The Lord Jesus Christ is “the Lamb of God who takes away the sin of
the world” (John 1:29). He is also the source of spiritual
illumination that makes those who follow Him “the light of the world”
(Matt. 5:14). But in eternity He will be the Lamp that lights our way
(Rev. 21:23). What a thrill it will be one day to live in the light of
the Lamb!

By:  Dennis Fisher

Reflect & Pray

No darkness have we who in Jesus abide— The light of the world is
Jesus; We walk in the light when we follow our Guide— The light of the
world is Jesus. —Bliss

The Light of the world knows no power failure.
