https://odb.org/2017/10/23/brother-to-brother/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Brother to Brother

A new command I give you: Love one another.
John 13:34

Today's Scripture & Insight: Genesis 33:1–11

My brother and I, less than a year apart in age, were quite
“competitive” growing up (translation: we fought!). Dad understood. He
had brothers. Mom? Not so much.

Our story could have fit in the book of Genesis, which might well be
subtitled A Brief History of Sibling Rivalry. Cain and Abel (Gen. 4);
Isaac and Ishmael (21:8–10); Joseph and everyone not named Benjamin
(ch. 37). But for brother-to-brother animosity, it’s hard to beat
Jacob and Esau.

Esau’s twin brother had cheated him twice, so he wanted to kill Jacob
(27:41). Decades later Jacob and Esau would reconcile (ch. 33). But
the rivalry continued on in their descendants, who became the nations
of Edom and Israel. When the people of Israel prepared to enter the
Promised Land, Edom met them with threats and an army (Num. 20:14–21).
Much later, as Jerusalem’s citizens fled invading forces, Edom
slaughtered the refugees (Obad. 1:10–14).

Happily for us, the Bible contains not just the sad account of our
brokenness but the story of God’s redemption as well. Jesus changed
everything, telling His disciples, “A new command I give you: Love one
another” (John 13:34). Then He showed us what that means by dying for
us.

As my brother and I got older, we became close. That’s the thing with
God. When we respond to the forgiveness He offers, His grace can
transform our sibling rivalries into brotherly love.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Lord, we invite You to transform our relationships with Your healing
love.

Sibling rivalry is natural. God’s love is supernatural.
