http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/odb/feed/~3/GtIxYn1u5QU/

Outside In?

All of you who were baptized into Christ have clothed yourselves with
Christ.
Galatians 3:27

Today's Scripture & Insight: Galatians 3:23–29

“Change: From the Inside Out or the Outside In?” the headline read,
reflecting a popular trend today—the idea that outward changes like a
makeover or better posture can be an easy way to change how we feel on
the inside—and even change our lives.

It’s an appealing concept—who wouldn’t want improving our lives to be
as easy as a new look? Many of us have learned the hard way that
changing deep-rooted habits can seem nearly impossible. Focusing on
simple external changes offers hope that there is a quicker path
toward improving our lives.

But although such changes can improve our lives, Scripture invites us
to seek a deeper transformation—one that is impossible on our own. In
fact, in Galatians 3 Paul argued that even God’s law—a priceless gift
that revealed His will—couldn’t heal the brokenness of God’s people
(vv. 19–22). True healing and freedom required them to, through faith,
be “clothed” in Christ (v. 27) through His Spirit (5:5). Set apart and
shaped through Him, they would find their true identity and
worth—every believer equally an heir to all of God’s promises
(3:28–29).

We could easily devote much energy to self-improvement techniques. But
the deepest and most satisfying changes in our hearts come in knowing
the love that surpasses knowledge (Eph. 3:17–19)—the love that changes
everything.

By:  Monica La Rose

Reflect & Pray

Lord, we’re so grateful we don’t have to rely on ourselves. Thank You
for Your Spirit renewing us every day and drawing us closer to You and
Your love.

In Jesus, true and lasting transformation is possible.
