http://odb.org/2016/10/10/doing-the-opposite/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Doing the Opposite

For you died, and your life is now hidden with Christ in God.
Colossians 3:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: Colossians 2:20–3:4

A wilderness excursion can seem daunting, but for outdoor enthusiasts
this only adds to the appeal. Because hikers need more water than they
can carry, they purchase bottles with built-in filters so they can use
water sources along the way. But the process of drinking from such a
container is counterintuitive. Tipping the bottle does nothing. A
thirsty hiker has to blow into it to force the water through the
filter. Reality is contrary to what seems natural.

As we follow Jesus, we find much that is counterintuitive. Paul
pointed out one example: Keeping rules won’t draw us closer to God. He
asked, “Why, as though you still belonged to the world, do you submit
to its rules: ‘Do not handle! Do not taste! Do not touch!’? These
rules . . . are based on merely human commands and teachings” (Col.
2:20–22).

So what are we to do? Paul gave the answer. “Since, then, you have
been raised with Christ, set your hearts on things above” (3:1). “You
died,” he told people who were still very much alive, “and your life
is now hidden with Christ in God” (v. 3).

We are to consider ourselves “dead” to the values of this world and
alive to Christ. We now aspire to a way of life demonstrated by the
One who said, “Whoever wants to become great among you must be your
servant” (Matt. 20:26).

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Consider what these counterintuitive principles from the Bible might
mean for you: “Whoever loses their life for me will find it” (Matt.
16:25). “The last will be first, and the first will be last” (Matt.
20:16). “When I am weak, then I am strong” (2 Cor. 12:10).

God chose the foolish things of the world to shame the wise. 1
Corinthians 1:27
