https://odb.org/2020/10/30/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Everyone Needs a Mentor

To Titus, my true son in our common faith.
Titus 1:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: Titus 2:1–8

As I walked into my new supervisor’s office, I was feeling wary and
emotionally raw. My old supervisor had run our department with
harshness and condescension, often leaving me (and others) in tears.
Now I wondered, What would my new boss be like? Soon after I stepped
into my new boss’ office, I felt my fears dissipate as he welcomed me
warmly and asked me to share about myself and my frustrations. He
listened intently, and I knew by his kind expression and gentle words
that he truly cared. A believer in Jesus, he became my work mentor,
encourager, and friend.

The apostle Paul was a spiritual mentor to Titus, his “true son in our
common faith” (Titus 1:4). In his letter to Titus, Paul offered him
helpful instructions and guidelines for his role in the church. He not
only taught but modeled how to “teach what is appropriate to sound
doctrine” (2:1), set “an example by doing what is good,” and “show
integrity, seriousness and soundness of speech” (vv. 7–8). As a
result, Titus became his partner, brother, and coworker (2 Corinthians
2:13; 8:23)—and a mentor of others.

Many of us have benefited from a mentor—a teacher, coach, grandparent,
youth leader, or pastor—who guided us with their knowledge, wisdom,
encouragement, and faith in God. Who could benefit from the spiritual
lessons you’ve learned in your journey with Jesus?

By:  Alyson Kieda

Reflect & Pray

Who’s been a spiritual mentor to you? For whom have you been a mentor?
And whom might you mentor?

Father, I’m thankful for all those who mentored me when I needed them
most. Guide me to someone who might need my encouragement today.
