http://odb.org/2014/12/09/our-life-is-a-primer/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Our Life Is A Primer

You shall teach them diligently to your children . . . when you walk
by the way, when you lie down, and when you rise up. —
Deuteronomy 6:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: Deuteronomy 6:4-9

The New England Primer was published in the late 1600s. Throughout the
colonies that would later become the United States, the book became a
widely used resource.

This early American textbook was based largely on the Bible, and it
used pictures and rhymes based on Scripture to help children learn to
read. It also included prayers like this one: “Now I lay me down to
sleep, I pray the Lord, my soul to keep. If I should die before I
wake, I pray the Lord my soul to take.”

In Colonial America, this became a way that one generation was able to
pass along their faith to the next generation. It fit well with what
God wanted of His people, the ancient Israelites, as recorded in
Deuteronomy 6:6-7, “These words which I command you today shall be in
your heart. You shall teach [God’s commandments] diligently to your
children, and shall talk of them . . . when you walk by the way, when
you lie down, and when you rise up.”

As we talk about who God is, what He has done for us, and how He
desires our love and obedience, our lives can become primers to the
next generation. We can be teaching tools that God will use to help
people in their walk with Him.

By:  Dennis Fisher

Reflect & Pray

Lord, we love You. We want to learn to love You with all our heart,
soul, and strength. Use our lives and our words to point others to
You, who first loved us.

When we teach others, we’re not just spending time, we’re investing
it.
