http://odb.org/2014/11/15/windfall/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=f
eed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Windfall

Give us this day our daily bread. —
Matthew 6:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: Proverbs 30:1-9

Upon winning $314 million in a 2002 lottery, a happy business owner
expressed noble desires. He wanted to start a charitable foundation,
put laid-off workers back on the job, and do nice things for his
family. Already wealthy, he told reporters the big win wouldn’t change
him.

A few years later, a follow-up article described a different outcome.
Since winning the biggest of all lotteries, the man had run into legal
problems, lost his personal reputation, and gambled away all of his
money.

A thoughtful man by the name of Agur wrote words that anticipate such
heartbreak. Brought low by the awareness of his own natural
inclinations (Prov. 30:2-3), Agur saw the dangers of having too much
or too little. So he prayed, “Give me neither poverty nor riches—feed
me with the food allotted to me; lest I be full and deny You, and say,
‘Who is the Lord?’ Or lest I be poor and steal, and profane the name
of my God” (vv.8-9).

Agur saw the special challenges that come both with wealth and
poverty, but also with our own tendencies. Each gives us reason for
caution. Together they show our need for the One who taught us to
pray, “Give us this day our daily bread.”

By:  Mart DeHaan

Reflect & Pray

Lord, as we seek Your face today to ask for what we need, help us to
keep in mind that You are as wise in what You don’t give us as what
You do give us. So often, You rescue us from our own sinful
tendencies. Thank You.

Discontentment makes rich people poor, while contentment makes poor
people rich.
