http://odb.org/2012/06/05/just-this-once/

Just This Once

Keep back Your servant also from presumptuous sins. —
Psalm 19:13

Today's Scripture: Psalm 19:7-14

As a boy, I used to ride a go-cart that was steered with a rope. On
one occasion, as I propelled my way down the driveway, my parents’
warning came to mind: “Always look up and down the street for cars.”
But I rationalized: It’s okay not to do that just this once. Then I
heard the sound of screeching tires as a car came to an abrupt stop to
avoid hitting me. Thinking I could break my parents’ rule nearly cost
me my life.

The Bible has many examples of those who knew better but who chose to
break God’s rules. From boyhood, David had meditated on the law of God
while he tended his sheep. He knew that the seventh commandment
condemned adultery, yet when he saw a beautiful woman bathing he used
his royal power to take the wife of Uriah for his own. This sin
resulted in terrible consequences (2 Sam. 11–12).

The psalmist wrote: “Keep back Your servant also from presumptuous
sins” (Ps. 19:13). Have you felt tempted to do something “just this
once” even though you knew it was wrong? Glancing at Internet
pornography, “borrowing” money from an account at work, or stretching
the truth may each seem like an isolated activity but can lead to
terrible consequences. With God’s help, turn from sin and find His way
of escape (1 Cor. 10:13).

By:  Dennis Fisher

Reflect & Pray

Prone to wander—Lord, I feel it; Prone to leave the God I love; Here’s
my heart, O take and seal it, Seal it for Thy courts above. —Robinson

Temptations will knock at your door; don’t ask them to stay for
dinner!
