http://odb.org/2013/07/24/too-blessed/

Too Blessed

Oh, that men would give thanks to the Lord for His goodness, and for
His wonderful works to the children of men! —
Psalm 107:8

Today's Scripture: Psalm 107:1-8

On my daily commute to and from the office, I have plenty of time for
reading—bumper stickers on cars, that is. Some are surly, others
clever, and still others downright distasteful. One bumper sticker I
saw recently, however, gently challenged my heart about the way I
often engage life. The sticker simply said, “Too blessed to complain.”

I must confess that I felt convicted as I pondered those words. Too
often I find myself lamenting moments in life that don’t go my way,
rather than focusing on the wonderful gifts my heavenly Father has
given me. Reading that simple message that day brought me a renewed
commitment to be more actively and intentionally grateful because my
God has been good to me in more ways than I could ever count.

Psalm 107 is a song that seeks to rectify thankless thinking. The
psalmist (who many think was King David) makes a plea to hearts grown
cold with ingratitude, repeating four times, “Oh, that men would give
thanks to the Lord for His goodness, and for His wonderful works to
the children of men!” (vv.8,15,21,31). Even in the worst of times, we
have much to be thankful for. May we learn to thank God for His
goodness to us!

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Count your blessings—name them one by one; Count your blessings—see
what God hath done; Count your blessings—name them one by one; Count
your many blessings—see what God hath done. —Oatman

We don’t need more to be thankful for, we just need to be more
thankful.
