https://odb.org/2017/09/12/taking-the-first-step/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

Taking the First Step

God was reconciling the world to himself in Christ, not counting
people’s sins against them. And he has committed to us the message of
reconciliation.
2 Corinthians 5:19

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Corinthians 5:11–21

Tham Dashu sensed something was missing in his life. So he started
going to church—the same church his daughter attended. But they never
went together. In earlier days, he had offended her, which drove a
wedge between them. So, Tham would slip in when the singing started
and leave promptly after the service ended.

Church members shared the gospel story with him, but Tham always
politely rejected their invitation to put his faith in Jesus. Still,
he kept coming to church.

One day Tham fell gravely ill. His daughter plucked up the courage and
wrote him a letter. She shared how Christ had changed her life, and
she sought reconciliation with her dad. That night, Tham put his faith
in Jesus and the family was reconciled. A few days later, Tham died
and entered into the presence of Jesus—at peace with God and his loved
ones.

The apostle Paul wrote that we are to “try to persuade others” about
the truth of God’s love and forgiveness (2 Cor. 5:11). He said that it
is “Christ’s love [that] compels us” to carry out His work of
reconciliation (v. 14).

Our willingness to forgive may help others realize that God desires to
reconcile us to Himself (v. 19). Would you lean on God’s strength to
show them His love today?

By:  Poh Fang Chia

Reflect & Pray

Is there someone you need to try to reconcile with? What practical
first step can you take today?

Our willingness to seek reconciliation with others shows God’s heart
to them.
