https://odb.org/2018/07/06/hidden-beauty/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Hidden Beauty

People look at the outward appearance, but the Lord looks at the
heart.
1 Samuel 16:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Samuel 16:1–7

Our children needed a little coaxing to believe that it was worth
putting on snorkeling gear to peer beneath the surface of the
Caribbean Sea off the shore of the island of Tobago. But after they
dove in, they resurfaced ecstatic, “There are thousands of fish of all
different kinds! It’s so beautiful! I’ve never seen such colorful
fish!”

Because the surface of the water looked similar to freshwater lakes
near our home, our children could have missed the beauty hidden just
below the surface.

When the prophet Samuel went to Bethlehem to anoint one of Jesse’s
sons to be the next king, Samuel saw the oldest son, Eliab, and was
impressed by his appearance. The prophet thought he had found the
right man, but the Lord rejected Eliab. God reminded Samuel that He
“does not look at the things people look at. People look at the
outward appearance, but the Lord looks at the heart” (1 Samuel 16:7).

So Samuel asked if there were more sons. The youngest boy wasn’t
present but caring for the family’s sheep. This son, David, was
summoned and the Lord directed Samuel to anoint him.

Often we look at people only on a surface level and don’t always take
the time to see their inner, sometimes hidden, beauty. We don’t always
value what God values. But if we take the time to peer beneath the
surface, we may find great treasure.

By:  Lisa M. Samra

Reflect & Pray

Heavenly Father, thank You for not valuing people based on outward
appearances but instead by looking at our hearts. Help me to take the
time to see beyond simply what my eyes can see in order to discover
true and lasting beauty.

God can help me to see the inner beauty in others.
