https://odb.org/2020/11/30/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Giving Our Best

He will purify . . . and refine them like gold and silver. Then the
Lord will have men who will bring offerings in righteousness.
Malachi 3:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: Malachi 1:8–14

We stared at the piles of donated shoes as we entered a local homeless
shelter. The director had invited our youth group to help sort through
the heaps of used footwear. We spent the morning searching for matches
and lining them up in rows across the concrete floor. At the end of
the day, we threw away more than half of the shoes because they were
too damaged for others to use. Though the shelter couldn’t stop people
from giving poor quality items, they refused to distribute shoes that
were in bad condition.

The Israelites struggled with giving God their damaged goods too. When
He spoke through the prophet Malachi, He rebuked the Israelites for
sacrificing blind, lame, or diseased animals when they had strong
animals to offer (Malachi 1:6–8). He announced His displeasure (v.
10), affirmed His worthiness, and reprimanded the Israelites for
keeping the best for themselves (v. 14). But God also promised to send
the Messiah, whose love and grace would transform their hearts and
ignite their desire to bring offerings that would be pleasing to Him
(3:1–4).

At times, it can be tempting to give God our leftovers. We praise Him
and expect Him to give us His all, yet we offer Him our crumbs. When
we consider all God has done, we can rejoice in celebrating His
worthiness and giving Him our very best.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

Why are you sometimes tempted to give God your leftovers or damaged
goods? In what ways will you give Him your best today?

Mighty God, please help me place You first and give You my best.
