https://odb.org/2019/09/15/unity/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=fee
d&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Unity

Make every effort to keep the unity of the Spirit through the bond of
peace.
Ephesians 4:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ephesians 4:1–6

In 1722 a small group of Moravian Christians, who lived in what is now
the Czech Republic, found refuge from persecution on the estate of a
generous German count. Within four years, more than 300 people came.
But instead of an ideal community for persecuted refugees, the
settlement became filled with discord. Different perspectives on
Christianity brought division. What they did next may seem like a
small choice, but it launched an incredible revival: They began to
focus on what they agreed on rather than on what they disagreed on.
The result was unity.

The apostle Paul strongly encouraged the believers in the church in
Ephesus to live in unity. Sin would always bring trouble, selfish
desires, and conflict in relationships. But as those who were made
“alive with Christ” the Ephesians were called to live out their new
identity in practical ways (Ephesians 5:2). Primarily, they were to
“make every effort to keep the unity of the Spirit through the bond of
peace” (4:3).

This unity isn’t just simple camaraderie achieved through human
strength. We are to “be completely humble and gentle; be patient,
bearing with one another in love” (v. 2). From a human perspective,
it’s impossible to act in this way. We can’t reach unity through our
own power but through God’s perfect power “that is at work within us”
(3:20).

By:  Estera Pirosca Escobar

Reflect & Pray

How are you experiencing division or unity in your community of faith?
What efforts can you make in God’s strength to keep the unity of the
Spirit?

Father, You who are over all and through all and in all, live among us
in such a way that unity will be present.
