https://odb.org/2019/03/06/return-on-investment-2/?utm_source=feedburn
er&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%
29

Return on Investment

We have left everything to follow you!
Mark 10:28

Today's Scripture & Insight: Mark 10:17–31

In 1995 US stock market investors received record-high returns—on
average, a whopping 37.6 percent return on their dollars. Then in 2008
investors lost almost exactly as much: a negative 37.0 percent. The
years between had varying returns, causing those with money in the
market to wonder—sometimes with fear—what would become of their
investment.

Jesus assured His followers they would have an incredible return on
investing their lives in Him. They “left everything to follow
[Him]”—leaving their homes, jobs, status, and families to put their
lives on deposit (v. 28). But they grew concerned that their
investment might not pay off after watching a wealthy man struggle
with the grip worldly goods had on him. Jesus replied, however, that
anyone willing to sacrifice for Him would “receive a hundred times as
much in this present age . . . and in the age to come eternal life”
(v. 30). That’s a far better outcome than any stock market could ever
match.

We don’t have to be concerned about the “interest rate” on our
spiritual investment—with God, it’s an unmatched certainty. With
money, our aim is to maximize the financial gain from our investment.
With God, what we get back isn’t measured in dollars and cents, but in
the joy that comes from knowing Him now and forever—and sharing that
joy with others!

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

What can you “invest” in God today—including your time, talents, or
treasure? How have you experienced joy in your relationship with
Jesus?

Living for God is a worthy investment.
