https://odb.org/2019/04/09/good-news-to-tell/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Good News to Tell

Philip began with that very passage of Scripture and told him the good
news about Jesus.
Acts 8:35

Today's Scripture & Insight: Acts 8:26–35

“What’s your name?” asked Arman, an Iranian student. After I told him
my name is Estera, his face lit up as he exclaimed, “We have a similar
name in Farsi, it’s Setare!” That small connection opened up an
amazing conversation. I told him I was named after a Bible character,
“Esther,” a Jewish queen in Persia (present-day Iran). Starting with
her story, I shared the good news of Jesus. As a result of our
conversation, Arman started attending a weekly Bible study to learn
more about Christ.

One of Jesus’s followers, Philip, guided by the Holy Spirit, asked a
question that ignited a conversation with an Ethiopian official
traveling in his chariot: “Do you understand what you are reading?”
(Acts 8:30). The Ethiopian man was reading a passage from the book of
Isaiah and seeking spiritual insight. So Philip’s question came at the
right time. He invited Philip to sit next to him and in humility
listened. Philip, realizing what an amazing opportunity this was,
“began with that very passage of Scripture and told him the good news
about Jesus” (v. 35).

Like Philip, we too have good news to tell. Let’s seize the daily
occasions we encounter in our workplace, at the grocery store, or in
our neighborhood. May we allow the Holy Spirit to guide our steps and
give us the words to share our hope and joy in Jesus.

By:  Estera Pirosca Escobar

Reflect & Pray

How will you prepare yourself to be more open to speaking to others
about Jesus? What encouragement do you gain from Philip’s example?

God, guide my steps today toward someone who needs the hope that only
comes from Jesus.
