https://odb.org/2019/08/02/filled-with-treasure/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

From Trash to Treasure

We have this treasure in jars of clay to show that this all-surpassing
power is from God and not from us.
2 Corinthians 4:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Corinthians 4:5–7

The trash man’s house sits atop a steep street in a poor Bogota
neighborhood. Not one thing about it looks special. Yet the unassuming
abode in Colombia’s capital is home to a free library of 25,000
books—discarded literature that Jose Alberto Gutierrez collected to
share with poor children in his community.

Local kids crowd into the house during weekend “library hours.”
Prowling through every room, each packed with books, the children
recognize the humble home as more than Señor Jose’s house—it’s a
priceless treasury.

The same is true for every follower of Christ. We’re made of humble
clay—marred by cracks and easily broken. But we’re entrusted by God as
a home for His empowering Spirit, who enables us to carry the good
news of Christ into a hurting, broken world. It’s a big job for
ordinary, fragile people.

“We have this treasure in jars of clay to show that this all-
surpassing power is from God and not from us” (2 Corinthians 4:7), the
apostle Paul told his congregation in the ancient city of Corinth.
They were a cross section of people from across this region, so many
might have been tempted to “go around preaching about [them]selves,”
Paul said (v. 5 nlt ).

Instead, Paul said, tell others about the priceless One living inside
of us. It’s Him and His all-surpassing power that turns our ordinary
lives into a priceless treasury.

By:  Patricia Raybon

Reflect & Pray

What does it mean to you that you have a treasure, the Holy Spirit,
inside you? How is it comforting to know that He enables us to share
the good news?

Jesus, fill up my ordinary life with the power of Your Spirit.
