http://odb.org/2014/05/08/talking-about-jesus/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Talking About Jesus

I determined not to know anything among you except Jesus Christ and
Him crucified. —
1 Corinthians 2:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Corinthians 4:1-6

Former major league baseball player Tony Graffanino tells of an
ongoing ministry effort in a European country. Each year his
organization holds a week-long baseball camp. During this week they
also offer a daily Bible study. In past years, the leader tried to
find reasoned ways to convince the campers that God exists so they
would place their faith in Him. After about 13 years, they had seen
only 3 people decide to follow Jesus.

Then they changed their approach, says Graffanino. Instead of “trying
to present facts, or winning arguments for a debate,” they simply
talked about “the amazing life and teachings of Jesus.” As a result,
more campers came to listen, and more chose to follow Him.

The apostle Paul said that when we tell others about the gospel of
Jesus Christ, we should set “forth the truth plainly. . . . We do not
preach ourselves,” he said, “but Jesus Christ as Lord” (2 Cor. 4:2,5
niv). This was Paul’s standard for evangelism: “I determined not to
know anything among you except Jesus Christ and Him crucified” (1 Cor.
2:2).

We should be knowledgeable about the Bible and about the reasons for
our belief, and sometimes we need to explain those reasons. But the
most compelling and effective story we can tell puts Christ in the
center.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

Father God, please use me in the lives of others. Remind me to talk
about who Jesus is and His life and teachings. And not to be dragged
into debates, but to share Jesus’ amazing life.

The risen Christ is the reason for our witness.
