https://odb.org/2020/01/09/the-leaning-tower/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Leaning Tower

Everyone who hears these words of mine and puts them into practice is
like a wise man who built his house on the rock.
Matthew 7:24

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 7:24–27

You’ve probably heard of the famous Leaning Tower of Pisa in Italy,
but have you heard of the leaning tower of San Francisco? It’s called
the Millennium Tower. Built in 2008, this fifty-eight-story skyscraper
stands proudly—but slightly crookedly—in downtown San Francisco.

The problem? Its engineers didn’t dig a deep enough foundation. So now
they’re being forced to retrofit the foundation with repairs that may
cost more than the entire tower did when it was originally built—a fix
that some believe is necessary to keep it from collapsing during an
earthquake.

The painful lesson here? Foundations matter. When your foundation
isn’t solid, catastrophe could ensue. Jesus taught something similar
near the end of His Sermon on the Mount. In Matthew 7:24–27, He
contrasts two builders, one who built on a rock, another on sand. When
a storm inevitably came, only the house with a solid foundation was
left standing.

What does this mean for us? Jesus clearly states that our lives must
be built through obedience and trust upon Him (v. 24). When we rest in
Him, our lives can find solid ground through God’s power and unending
grace.

Christ doesn’t promise us that we’ll never face storms. But He does
say that when He’s our rock, those storms and torrents will never wash
away our faith-fortified foundation in Him.

By:  Adam R. Holz

Reflect & Pray

How has your faith helped you to weather the worst storms you’ve
faced? What are some practical ways you can strengthen your faith each
day?

Father, storms are inevitable in life. Help us to choose to dwell
daily in Scripture and strengthen our strong foundation in You.
