https://odb.org/2021/02/14/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Sending Out an SOS

I sought the Lord, and he answered me.
Psalm 34:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 34:1–10

When the hut of a settler in a mountainous region of Alaska caught
fire, the settler was left without adequate shelter and with few
provisions in the coldest state in the US—in the middle of a frigid
winter. Three weeks later, the man was finally rescued when an
aircraft flew over and spied the large SOS he had stamped out in the
snow and darkened with soot.

The psalmist David was certainly in dire straits. He was being pursued
by jealous King Saul who sought to kill him. And so he fled to the
city of Gath, where he pretended to be insane in order to preserve his
life (see 1 Samuel 21). Out of those events emerged Psalm 34, where
David cried out in prayer to God and found peace (vv. 4, 6). God heard
his pleas and delivered him.

Are you in a desperate situation and crying out for help? Be assured
that God still hears and responds to our desperate prayers today. As
with David, He’s attentive to our distress calls and takes away our
fears (v. 4)—and sometimes even saves us “out of [our] troubles” (v.
6).

Scripture invites us to “cast [our] cares on the Lord and he will
sustain [us]” (Psalm 55:22). When we turn our difficult circumstances
over to God, we can trust that He’ll provide the help we need. We’re
secure in His capable hands.

By:  Alyson Kieda

Reflect & Pray

When have you felt peace after crying out to God? When has He rescued
you from a desperate situation?

Loving Father, thank You for hearing my prayers and bringing comfort,
peace—whatever I need most. And thank You especially for rescuing
me from my sin.
