http://odb.org/2013/10/05/the-value-of-one-3/

The Value Of One

What man . . . having a hundred sheep, if he loses one of them, does
not leave the ninety-nine in the wilderness, and go after the one
which is lost? —
Luke 15:4

Today's Scripture: Luke 15:1-10

Only hours before Kim Haskins’ high school graduation, an auto
accident took the life of her father and left Kim and her mother
hospitalized. The next day, Joe Garrett, Kim’s high school principal,
visited her at the hospital and said they wanted to do something
special for her at the school. The Gazette (Colorado Springs) article
by James Drew described the outpouring of love and support as the
teachers, administrators, and classmates—deeply touched by Kim’s
loss—filled the high school auditorium a few days later at a
graduation ceremony just for her.

Principal Garrett said, “We talk a lot in education about no child
left behind. In the military, they talk about no soldier left behind.
Today, this is about no graduate left behind.”

Jesus underscored the importance of every person to God with three
stories about something lost—a sheep, a coin, and a son (Luke 15). In
each story, a person has lost something of great value. When it is
found, friends and neighbors are called to celebrate and rejoice
together.

The point is clear: We are all of great value to God, who offers us
forgiveness and new life through Christ. And He faithfully pursues us
with His love and grace. There is great joy in heaven over one sinner
who repents (v.7).

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

I was lost but Jesus found me— Found the sheep that went astray, Threw
His loving arms around me, Drew me back into His way. —Rowley

Our value is measured by what God has done for us.
