https://odb.org/2020/08/06/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

In the Father’s Ways

They turned aside after dishonest gain and accepted bribes and
perverted justice.
1 Samuel 8:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Samuel 8:1–9

In the 1960s, the bustling community of North Lawndale, on Chicago’s
West Side, was a pilot community for interracial living. A handful of
middle-class African Americans bought homes there on “contract”—that
combined the responsibilities of home ownership with the disadvantages
of renting. In a contract sale, the buyer accrued no equity, and if he
missed a single payment, he would immediately lose his down payment,
all his monthly payments, and the property itself. Unscrupulous
sellers sold at inflated prices, then the families were evicted when
they missed a payment. Another family would buy on contract, and the
cycle fueled by greed just kept going.

Samuel appointed his sons judges over Israel, and they were driven by
greed. His sons “did not follow his ways” (1 Samuel 8:3). In contrast
to Samuel’s integrity, his sons “turned aside after dishonest gain”
and used their position to their own advantage. This unjust behavior
displeased the elders of Israel and God, putting in motion a cycle of
kings that fills the pages of the Old Testament (vv. 4–5).

To refuse to walk in God’s ways allows room for the perversion of
those values, and as a result injustice flourishes. To walk in
His ways means honesty and justice are clearly seen not only in our
words but in our deeds as well. Those good deeds are never an end in
themselves but always that others may see and honor our Father in
heaven.

By:  John Blase

Reflect & Pray

What current example of injustice are you aware of? What is one way
you can work toward justice in that example?

God, injustice surrounds us on every side, often overwhelming our
hearts. Help me to stand with those who suffer and commit my life to
walking in Your ways. To learn more about the life and time of Samuel,
visit bit.ly/2pJSpwu.
