http://odb.org/2016/07/01/out-in-the-cold/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Out in the Cold

To God belong wisdom and power; counsel and understanding are his.
Job 12:13

Today's Scripture & Insight: Job 11:7–20

In desperation, a woman called the housing assistance center where I
worked. A heating problem had turned her rental home into a freezer
with furniture. Panicked, she asked me how she would care for her
children. I hurriedly replied with the scripted official response:
“Just move into a hotel and send the landlord the bill.” She angrily
hung up on me.

I knew the textbook answer to her question, but I had completely
missed her heart. She wanted someone to understand her fear and
desperation. She needed to know she wasn’t alone. In essence, I had
left her out in the cold.

After Job had lost everything, he had friends with answers but little
understanding. Zophar told him all he needed to do was live
wholeheartedly for God. Then “life will be brighter than noonday,” he
said (11:17). That counsel wasn’t well received, and Job responded
with scathing sarcasm: “Wisdom will die with you!” (12:2). He knew the
dissatisfying taste of textbook answers to real-world problems.

It’s easy to be critical of Job’s friends for their failure to see the
big picture. But how often are we too quick with answers to questions
we don’t truly understand? People do want answers. But more than that,
they want to know we hear and understand. They want to know we care.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Father, help us to be a friend first before we offer advice to others.
Thank You for the privilege of sharing our hearts with You in prayer.
Thank You for sending us Your Holy Spirit so that we will never be
alone.

Before people want to hear what you say, they want to know that you
care.
