https://odb.org/2019/04/26/eagle-eyed/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_mediu
m=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

What God Sees

The eyes of the Lord range throughout the earth to strengthen those
whose hearts are fully committed to him.
2 Chronicles 16:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Chronicles 16:7–9

Early in the morning, I quietly pad past a family-room window
overlooking a wilderness area behind our house. Often, I notice a hawk
or owl perched in a tree, keeping watch over the area. One morning I
was surprised to find a bald eagle boldly balanced on a high branch,
surveying the terrain as if the entire expanse belonged to him. Likely
he was watching for “breakfast.” His all-inclusive gaze seemed regal.

In 2 Chronicles 16, Hanani the seer (God’s prophet) informed a king
that his actions were under a royal gaze. He told Asa, king of Judah,
“You relied on the king of Aram and not on the Lord your God” (v. 7).
Then Hanani explained, “The eyes of the Lord range throughout the
earth to strengthen those whose hearts are fully committed to him” (v.
9). Because of Asa’s misplaced dependence, he would always be at war.

Reading these words, we might get the false sense that God watches our
every move so He can pounce on us like a bird of prey. But Hanani’s
words focus on the positive. His point is that our God continually
watches and waits for us to call on Him when we’re in need.

Like my backyard bald eagle, how might God’s eyes be roaming our
world—even now—looking to find faithfulness in you and me? How might
He provide the hope and help we need?

By:  Elisa Morgan

Reflect & Pray

Why is it vital for you to regularly look to God for direction and
guidance? How does it encourage you to know that God awaits your calls
for help?

O God, may You strengthen our hearts that we might be fully committed
to You.
