https://odb.org/2017/09/28/the-day-i-couldnt-pray/?utm_source=feedburn
er&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%
29

The Day I Couldn’t Pray

The Spirit himself intercedes for us through wordless groans.
Romans 8:26

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 8:22–26

In November 2015, I learned I needed open-heart surgery. Surprised and
a little shaken, I was naturally drawn to think about the possibility
of death. Were there relationships I needed to mend? Were there
financial matters I needed to attend to for my family? Was there work
that could be done ahead of time? And what about work that couldn’t
wait; who should I hand that off to? It was a time to both act and
pray.

Except I couldn’t do either.

My body was so weary and my mind so fatigued that even the simplest of
tasks seemed beyond my strength. Perhaps most surprising, when I tried
to pray, my thoughts would drift to the discomfort, or the shallow
breathing caused by the damaged heart made me fall asleep. It was
frustrating. I couldn’t work and I couldn’t even ask God to let me
live so I could spend more time with my family!

The inability to pray troubled me most. But as with all other human
needs, the Creator knew this was happening to me. I would eventually
recall He made two preparations for such occurrences: the prayer of
the Spirit for us when we can’t pray (Rom. 8:26), and the prayer of
others on our behalf (James 5:16; Gal. 6:2).

What a comfort it was to know that the Holy Spirit was even then
raising my concerns before the Father. What a gift also to hear from
friends and family as they prayed for me. Then came another surprise:
As my friends and family asked me what to pray for, it became clear
that my answers to them were also being heard by God as prayers. What
a gift it is in a time of uncertainty to be reminded God hears our
heart even when we think we can’t call out to Him.

By:  Randy Kilgore

This article may not have a prayer section.




