https://odb.org/2018/06/06/side-by-side-2/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Side by Side

Two are better than one, because they have a good return for their
labor.
Ecclesiastes 4:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: Nehemiah 3:1–12

In ancient times, a city with broken walls revealed a defeated people,
exposed to danger and shame. That is why the Jews rebuilt the walls of
Jerusalem. How? By working side by side, an expression that can well
describe Nehemiah 3.

At first glance, chapter 3 might appear to be a boring account of who
did what in the reconstruction. However, a closer look highlights how
people worked together. Priests were working alongside rulers.
Perfume-makers were helping as well as goldsmiths. There were some who
lived in nearby towns and came to give a hand. Others made repairs
opposite their houses. Shallum’s daughters, for example, worked
alongside the men (3:12), and some people repaired two sections, like
the men of Tekoa (vv. 5, 27).

Two things stand out from this chapter. First, they all worked
together for a common goal. Second, all of them are commended for
being part of the work, not for how much or little they did as
compared to others.

Today we see damaged families and a broken society. But Jesus came to
build the kingdom of God through the transformation of lives. We can
help to rebuild our neighborhoods by showing others they can find hope
and new life in Jesus. All of us have something to do. So let us work
side by side and do our part—whether big or small—to create a
community of love where people can find Jesus.

By:  Keila Ochoa

Reflect & Pray

Dear Lord, help me to work with others, side by side, by showing love
and pointing others to Jesus.

Let’s work together to build the kingdom of God.
