https://odb.org/2019/07/08/sovereign-intervention/?utm_source=feedburn
er&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%
29

Sovereign Intervention

God looked on the Israelites and was concerned about them.
Exodus 2:25

Today's Scripture & Insight: Exodus 3:1–9

Barbara grew up under the care of the British government in the 1960s,
but when she turned sixteen, she and her newborn son, Simon, became
homeless. The state was no longer obligated to provide for her at that
age. Barbara wrote to the Queen of England for help and received a
response! The Queen compassionately arranged for Barbara to be given a
house of her own.

The Queen of England had the right resources to help Barbara, and her
compassionate assistance can be seen as a small picture of God’s help.
The King of heaven knows all of our needs and sovereignly works out
His plans in our lives. As He does, however, He longs for us to come
to Him—sharing our needs and other concerns—as part of our loving
relationship with Him.

The Israelites brought their need for deliverance to God. They were
suffering under the burden of Egyptian slavery and cried out for help.
He heard them and remembered His promise: “God looked on the
Israelites and was concerned about them” (Exodus 2:25). He instructed
Moses to bring liberty to His people and declared that He would once
again release them “into a good and spacious land, a land flowing with
milk and honey” (3:8).

Our King loves it when we come to Him! He wisely provides what we
need, not necessarily what we want. Let’s rest in His sovereign,
loving provision.

By:  Ruth O'Reilly-Smith

Reflect & Pray

Why is it important for us to bring our needs to God in prayer? How
can you learn to rest in God’s provision—whatever that may be?

Loving God, thank You that I can bring my needs to You. Help me to be
content in whatever paths and provisions You choose.
