https://odb.org/2019/05/14/a-kind-critique/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Kind Critique

The law was given through Moses; grace and truth came through Jesus
Christ.
John 1:17

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 4:7–15, 28–29

During a landscape painting class, the teacher, a highly experienced
professional artist, assessed my first assignment. He stood silently
in front of my painting, one hand cupping his chin. Here we go, I
thought. He’s going to say it’s terrible.

But he didn’t.

He said he liked the color scheme and the feeling of openness. Then he
mentioned that the trees in the distance could be lightened. A cluster
of weeds needed softer edges. He had the authority to criticize my
work based on the rules of perspective and color, yet his critique was
truthful and kind.

Jesus, who was perfectly qualified to condemn people for their sin,
didn’t use the Ten Commandments to crush a Samaritan woman He met at
an ancient watering hole. He gently critiqued her life with just a
handful of statements. The result was that she saw how her search for
satisfaction had led her into sin. Building on this awareness, Jesus
revealed Himself as the only source of eternal satisfaction (John
4:10–13).

The combination of grace and truth that Jesus used in this situation
is what we experience in our relationship with Him (1:17). His grace
prevents us from being overwhelmed by our sin, and His truth prevents
us from thinking it isn’t a serious matter.

Will we invite Jesus to show us areas of our lives where we need to
grow so we can become more like Him?

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

How is Jesus using grace and truth to point out issues in your life?
Where might He want you to make changes to honor Him more fully?

Jesus, thank You for freeing me from the consequences of sin. Help me
to embrace Your correction and Your encouragement.
