https://odb.org/2018/07/25/perfect-imperfection/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Perfect Imperfection

I pray that out of his glorious riches he may strengthen you with
power through his Spirit in your inner being.
Ephesians 3:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ephesians 3:8–19

A college professor of mine, picking up on my perfectionism-induced
procrastination, gave me some wise advice. “Don’t let perfect be the
enemy of good,” he said, explaining that striving for perfect
performance can prevent the risks necessary for growth. Accepting that
my work would always be imperfect would give me the freedom to
keep growing.

The apostle Paul explained an even more profound reason to let go of
our own efforts to perfect ourselves: it can blind us to our need for
Christ.

Paul had learned this the hard way. After years striving to perfectly
obey God’s law, encountering Jesus changed everything (Galatians
1:11–16). Paul realized that if his own efforts were enough to be
whole and right with God, “then there was no need for Christ to die”
(2:21 nlt ). Only by letting go of—dying to—self-reliance, could he
experience Jesus living in him (v. 20). Only in his imperfection could
he experience God’s perfect power.

This doesn’t mean we shouldn’t resist sin (v. 17); but it does mean we
should stop relying on our own strength to grow spiritually (v. 20).

In this lifetime, we will always be works in progress. But as our
hearts humbly accept our constant need for the only perfect One, Jesus
makes His home there (Ephesians 3:17). Rooted in Him, we are free to
grow ever deeper in the love “too great” to ever “understand fully”
(v. 19 nlt ).

By:  Monica La Rose

Reflect & Pray

Lord, so often we exchange the joy and freedom of life with You for
the burden of relying on ourselves. Help us to humbly rely on You
instead.

We are free to grow in Jesus’s love.
