https://odb.org/2018/09/26/its-not-about-the-fish/?utm_source=feedburn
er&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%
29

It’s Not About the Fish

When God saw what they did and how they turned from their evil ways,
he relented.
Jonah 3:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Jonah 3:10–4:4

Sighted numerous times off the coast of Australia’s South Queensland,
Migaloo is the first albino humpback whale ever documented. The
splendid creature, estimated at more than forty feet long, is so rare
that Australia passed a law specifically to protect him.

The Bible tells us about a “huge fish” so rare that God had provided
it especially to swallow a runaway prophet (Jonah 1:17). Most know the
story. God told Jonah to take a message of judgment to Nineveh. But
Jonah wanted nothing to do with the Ninevites, who had a reputation
for cruelty to just about everyone—including the Hebrews. So he fled.
Things went badly. From inside the fish, Jonah repented. Eventually he
preached to the Ninevites, and they repented too (3:5–10).

Great story, right? Except it doesn’t end there. While Nineveh
repented, Jonah pouted. “Isn’t this what I said, Lord ?” he prayed. “I
knew that you are a gracious and compassionate God, slow to anger and
abounding in love” (4:2). Having been rescued from certain death,
Jonah’s sinful anger grew until even his prayer became suicidal (v.
3).

The story of Jonah isn’t about the fish. It’s about our human nature
and the nature of the God who pursues us. “The Lord is patient with
you,” wrote the apostle Peter, “not wanting anyone to perish, but
everyone to come to repentance” (2 Peter 3:9). God offers His love to
brutal Ninevites, pouting prophets, and you and me.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Father, we tend to look at what others “deserve” and forget we need
Your love just as much. Help us live in Your love and tell others
about it.

Our love has limits; God’s love is limitless.
