https://odb.org/2019/10/21/a-feast-of-love/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Feast of Love

I am the living bread that came down from heaven.
John 6:51

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 6:47–59

In the Danish film Babette’s Feast, a French refugee appears in a
coastal village. Two elderly sisters, leaders of the community’s
religious life, take her in, and for fourteen years Babette works as
their housekeeper. When Babette comes into a large sum of money, she
invites the congregation of twelve to join her for an extravagant
French meal of caviar, quail in puff pastry, and more.

As they move from one course to the next, the guests relax; some find
forgiveness, some find love rekindled, and some begin recalling
miracles they’d witnessed and truths they’d learned in childhood.
“Remember what we were taught?” they say. “Little children, love one
another.” When the meal ends, Babette reveals to the sisters that she
spent all she had on the food. She gave everything—including any
chance of returning to her old life as an acclaimed chef in Paris—so
that her friends, eating, might feel their hearts open.

Jesus appeared on earth as a stranger and servant, and He gave
everything so that our spiritual hunger might be satisfied. In John’s
gospel, He reminds His listeners that when their ancestors wandered
hungry in the wilderness, God provided quail and bread (Exodus 16).
That food satisfied for a time, but Jesus promises that those who
accept Him as the “bread of life” will “live forever” (John 6:48, 51).
His sacrifice satisfies our spiritual cravings.

By:  Amy Peterson

Reflect & Pray

How has God satisfied your hunger? What might it look like for you to
give sacrificially?

Jesus, thank You for giving Your body and blood for us.
