https://odb.org/2017/06/17/time-together/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Time Together

The Lord delights in those who fear him, who put their hope in his
unfailing love.
Psalm 147:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 147:1–11

On the two-hour drive home from a family member’s wedding, my mom
asked me for the third time what was new in my job. I once again
repeated some of the details as if telling her for the first time,
while wondering what might possibly make my words more memorable. My
mom has Alzheimer’s, a disease that progressively destroys the memory,
can adversely affect behavior, and eventually leads to the loss of
speech—and more.

I grieve because of my mom’s disease but am thankful she is still here
and we can spend time together—and even converse. It thrills me that
whenever I go to see her she lights up with joy and exclaims, “Alyson,
what a pleasant surprise!” We enjoy each other’s company; and even in
the silences when words escape her, we commune together.

This perhaps is a small picture of our relationship with God.
Scripture tells us, “The Lord delights in those who fear him, who put
their hope in his unfailing love” (Ps. 147:11). God calls those who
believe in Jesus as their Savior His children (John 1:12). And
although we may make the same requests over and over again or lack for
words, He is patient with us because He has a loving relationship with
us. He is happy when we converse with Him in prayer—even when the
words escape us.

By:  Alyson Kieda

Reflect & Pray

Dear Lord, it thrills us that You want to have a relationship with us!
Thank You for the opportunity to learn of You through the Bible and to
talk with You in prayer.

God delights to hear from us!
