https://odb.org/2019/10/23/this-is-me/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_mediu
m=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

This Is Me

Out of the same mouth come praise and cursing. My brothers and
sisters, this should not be.
James 3:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: James 3:7–12

The powerful song “This Is Me” is an unforgettable show tune featured
in The Greatest Showman, the smash movie musical loosely based on the
life of P. T. Barnum and his traveling circus. The lyrics, sung by
characters in the film who’d suffered verbal taunts and abuse for
failing to conform to societal norms, describe words as destructive
bullets and knives that leave scars.

The song’s popularity points to how many people bear the invisible,
but real, wounds caused by weaponized words.

James understood the potential danger of our words to cause
destructive and long-lasting harm, calling the tongue “a restless
evil, full of deadly poison” (James 3:8). By using this surprisingly
strong comparison, James emphasized the urgent need for believers to
recognize the immense power of their words. Even more, he highlighted
the inconsistency of praising God with one breath and then injuring
people who are made in God’s image with the next (vv. 9–10).

The song “This Is Me” similarly challenges the truth of verbal attacks
by insisting that we’re all glorious—a truth the Bible affirms. The
Bible establishes the unique dignity and beauty of each human being,
not because of outward appearance or anything we have done, but
because we are each beautifully designed by God—His unique
masterpieces (Psalm 139:14). And our words to each other and about
each other have the power to reinforce that reassuring reality.

By:  Lisa M. Samra

Reflect & Pray

Whose forgiveness might you need to seek for using damaging words? How
might you encourage someone today?

Creator God, thank You for creating each of us. Help us to use our
words both in praise of You and to encourage the people You expertly
designed.
