http://odb.org/2015/05/12/where-can-we-lean/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Where Can We Lean?

I will surely show you kindness for Jonathan your father’s sake. —
2 Samuel 9:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Samuel 9

“What a wonderful funeral!” Cindy remarked as we walked out. Helen,
our friend, had died. And friend after friend celebrated her by
sharing stories of her all-around fun behavior. But Helen’s life
wasn’t all jokes and laughter. Her nephew spoke of her faith in Jesus
and her care for others. She had taken him into her home when he was
young and struggling. Now in his twenties, he said of his Aunt Helen,
“She was like a mom to me. She never gave up on me in my struggles. I
am sure that if it wasn’t for her, I would have lost my faith.” Wow!
What an influence! Helen leaned on Jesus and wanted her nephew to
trust Him too.

In the Old Testament, we read that King David took a young man named
Mephibosheth into his home with the purpose of showing him kindness
for the sake of his father, Jonathan (David’s friend who had died; see
2 Sam. 9:1). Years earlier, Mephibosheth had been injured when his
nurse dropped him as they fled after the news that his father had been
killed (4:4). He was surprised that the king would care for him; he
even referred to himself as “a dead dog” (9:8). Yet the king treated
him as his own son (9:11).

I’d like to be that kind of person, wouldn’t you? Someone who cares
for others and helps them hang on to faith in Jesus even when life
looks hopeless.

By:  Anne Cetas

Reflect & Pray

Lord, You showed the ultimate kindness by rescuing us when we were
helpless in our sins. May our lives be marked by kindness so that
others will see You in us.

God does most of His work for people through people.
