https://odb.org/2020/08/17/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Refined in the Fire

These trials will show that your faith is genuine.
1 Peter 1:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Peter 1:6–9

Twenty-four–karat gold is nearly 100 percent gold with few impurities.
But that percentage is difficult to achieve. Refiners most commonly
use one of two methods for the purification process. The Miller
process is the quickest and least expensive, but the resulting gold is
only about 99.95 percent pure. The Wohlwill process takes a little
more time and costs more, but the gold produced is 99.99 percent pure.

In Bible times, refiners used fire as a gold purifier. Fire caused
impurities to rise to the surface for easier removal. In his first
letter to believers in Jesus throughout Asia Minor (northern Turkey),
the apostle Peter used the gold-refining process as a metaphor for the
way trials work in the life of a believer. At that time, many
believers were being persecuted by the Romans for their faith in
Christ. Peter knew what that was like firsthand. But persecution,
Peter explained, brings out the “genuineness of [our] faith” (1 Peter
1:7).

Perhaps you feel like you’re in a refiner’s fire—feeling the heat of
setbacks, illness, or other challenges. But hardship is often the
process by which God purifies the gold of our faith. In our pain we
might beg God to quickly end the process, but He knows what’s best for
us, even when life hurts. Keep connected to the Savior, seeking His
comfort and peace.

By:  Linda Washington

Reflect & Pray

What challenges have you faced that led to your growth? How did you
respond to them?

Father God, help me see how the trials of my life bring out the gold
in me.
