http://odb.org/2016/04/13/heart-check/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_mediu
m=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Heart Check

Where your treasure is, there your heart will be also.
Luke 12:34

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 12:22-34

When commuting into Chicago on the train, I always followed the
“unwritten codes of conduct”—such as, no conversations with people
sitting next to you if you don’t know them. That was tough on a guy
like me who has never met a stranger. I love talking to new people!
Although I kept the code of silence, I realized that you can still
learn something about people based on the section of the newspaper
they read. So I’d watch to see what they turned to first: The business
section? Sports? Politics? Current events? Their choices revealed
their interests.

Our choices are always revealing. Of course, God doesn’t need to wait
to see our choices in order for Him to know what’s in our hearts. But
the things that occupy our time and attention are telling. As Jesus
said, “Where your treasure is, there your heart will be also” (Luke
12:34). Regardless of what we want Him to think of us, the true
condition of our heart becomes clear based on how we use our time, our
money, and our talents. When we invest these resources in the things
He cares about, then it reveals that our hearts are in tune with His.

God’s heart is with the needs of people and the advancement of His
kingdom. What do your choices tell Him and others about where your
heart is?

By:  Joe Stowell

Reflect & Pray

Lord, I want my heart to be in tune with Yours. Forgive me for giving
it to things of far less value, and teach me the joy of investing my
time in opportunities to serve You. Thank You.

Where is your treasure?
