http://odb.org/2015/08/05/chess-master-2/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Chess Master

We, according to His promise, look for new heavens and a new earth in
which righteousness dwells.
2 Peter 3:13

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 8:18-25

In high school I took pride in my ability to play chess. I joined the
chess club, and during lunch hour I could be found sitting at a table
with other nerds, poring over books with titles like Classic King Pawn
Openings. I studied techniques, won most of my matches, and put the
game aside for 20 years. Then I met a truly fine chess player who had
been perfecting his skills long since high school, and I learned what
it is like to play against a master. Although I had complete freedom
to make any move I wished, none of my strategies mattered very much.
His superior skill guaranteed that my purposes inevitably ended up
serving his own.

Perhaps there is a spiritual picture for us here. God grants us
freedom to rebel against His original design, but even as we do so we
end up serving His eventual goal of restoration (Rom. 8:21; 2 Peter
3:13; Rev. 21:1). This transformed the way I view both good and bad
things. Good things—such as health, talent, and money—I can present to
God as offerings to serve His purposes. And bad things—disability,
poverty, family dysfunction, failure—can be “redeemed” as the very
instruments that drive me to God.

With the Grand Master, victory is assured, no matter how the board of
life may look at any given moment.

By:  Philip Yancey

Reflect & Pray

Father, I’m grateful that in all of life Your purposes are being
accomplished. May I learn to have open hands—to accept whatever You
give to me and whatever You take from me. Help me to trust Your heart.

When we can’t see God’s hand, we can trust His heart.
