http://odb.org/2017/01/16/the-valley-of-blessing/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

The Valley of Blessing

If calamity comes . . . [we] will cry out to you in our distress, and
you will hear us.
2 Chronicles 20:9

Today's Scripture: 2 Chronicles 20:1,13–22

French artist Henri Matisse felt his work in the last years of his
life best represented him. During that time he experimented with a new
style, creating colorful, large-scale pictures with paper instead of
paint. He decorated the walls of his room with these bright images.
This was important to him because he had been diagnosed with cancer
and was often confined to his bed.

Becoming ill, losing a job, or enduring heartbreak are examples of
what some call “being in the valley,” where dread overshadows
everything else. The people of Judah experienced this when they heard
an invading army was approaching (2 Chron. 20:2–3). Their king prayed,
“If calamity comes . . . [we] will cry out to you in our distress, and
you will hear us” (v. 9). God responded, “Go out to face [your
enemies] tomorrow, and the Lord will be with you” (v. 17).

When Judah’s army arrived at the battlefield, their enemies had
already destroyed each other. God’s people spent three days collecting
the abandoned equipment, clothing, and valuables. Before leaving, they
assembled to praise God and named the place “The Valley of Berakah,”
which means “blessing.”

God walks with us through the lowest points in our lives. He can make
it possible to discover blessings in the valleys.

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

Dear God, help me not to be afraid when I encounter difficulty. Help
me to believe that Your goodness and love will follow me. Looking for
hope in the middle of difficult circumstances? Read Hope: Choosing
Faith Instead of Fear at discoveryseries.org/q0733.

God is the master of turning burdens into blessings.
