https://odb.org/2018/01/20/my-help/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=f
eed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

My Help!

My help comes from the Lord, the Maker of heaven and earth.
Psalm 121:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 121

For decades the renowned Brooklyn Tabernacle Choir has blessed
multitudes through their soul-refreshing gospel songs. One example is
their recording from Psalm 121 titled “My Help.”

Psalm 121 begins with a personal confession of faith in the Lord who
brought all things into existence, and He was the source of the
psalmist’s help (vv. 1–2). Just what did this mean? Stability (v. 3),
around-the-clock care (vv. 3–4), constant presence and protection (vv.
5–6), and preservation from all kinds of evil for time and eternity
(vv. 7–8).

Taking their cues from Scripture, God’s people through the ages have
identified the Lord as their source of “help” through their songs. My
own worship experience includes lifting my voice with others who sang
a soulful rendition of Charles Wesley’s, “Father, I stretch my hands
to Thee, no other help I know; if Thou withdraw Thyself from me, ah!
whither shall I go.” The great reformer Martin Luther got it right
when he penned the words, “A mighty fortress is our God, a bulwark
never failing; our helper He amid the flood of mortal ills
prevailing.”

Do you feel alone, forsaken, abandoned, confused? Ponder the lyrics of
Psalm 121. Allow these words to fill your soul with faith and courage.
You’re not alone, so don’t try to do life on your own. Rather, rejoice
in the earthly and eternal care of God as demonstrated in the life,
death, resurrection, and ascension of the Lord Jesus Christ. And
whatever the next steps, take them with His help.

By:  Arthur Jackson

Reflect & Pray

Father, how grateful we are that Scripture and song remind us that You
are our source of help. Help me to not forget that this day.

The Maker of the universe is the helper of God’s people!
