http://odb.org/2012/10/17/before-the-beginning/

Before The Beginning

O Father, glorify Me together with Yourself, with the glory which I
had with You before the world was. —
John 17:5

Today's Scripture: Genesis 1

When he was a teenager, my son asked me one of those questions that
make you earn your pay as a parent. “Dad,” Steve inquired, “if God has
existed for eternity, what was He doing before He created the
universe?”

So, what was happening in the eons before “God created the heavens and
the earth”? (Gen. 1:1). For one thing, we know that there was “wisdom”
before creation itself, which came from God’s character. Wisdom,
personified in Proverbs 8:23, said, “I have been established from
everlasting, from the beginning, before there was ever an earth.”

Also, we know that God’s salvation plan of grace was in the works
before the world was hung in its place. In 2 Timothy 1:9, we read that
grace “was given to us in Christ Jesus before time began.” Likewise,
Titus 1:2 says that eternal life was promised “before time began.” We
also know that Jesus was glorified and loved in God’s presence “before
the world was” (John 17:5; see also v.24).

These tiny glimpses of God before He created the earth help us see a
little of the essence and magnitude of our awesome, eternal God. We
see His majesty and greatness. Amazing, isn’t it? We worship a God who
existed from the beginning . . . and beyond.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

Great God of the universe, we stand amazed that You are the Alpha and
Omega—the Beginning and the End—and so much more. Thank You that we
can worship and magnify You.

The created world is but a small parenthesis in eternity. —Sir Thomas
Browne
