https://odb.org/2018/08/10/a-hopeful-lament/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Hopeful Lament

I called on your name, Lord, from the depths of the pit.
Lamentations 3:55

Today's Scripture & Insight: Lamentations 3:49–58

To visit Clifton Heritage National Park in Nassau, Bahamas, is to
revisit a tragic era in history. Where the land meets the water, stone
steps lead up a cliff. Slaves brought to the Bahamas by ship in the
eighteenth century would ascend these steps, often leaving family
behind and entering a life of inhumane treatment. At the top, there is
a memorial to those slaves. Cedar trees have been carved into the
shapes of women looking out to sea toward the homeland and family
members they’ve lost. Each sculpture is scarred with marks of the
slave captain’s whip.

These sculptures of women mourning what they’ve lost remind me of the
importance of recognizing the injustices and broken systems in the
world, and lamenting them. Lamenting does not mean that we are without
hope; rather, it’s a way of being honest with God. It should be a
familiar posture for Christians; about forty percent of the Psalms are
psalms of lament, and in the book of Lamentations, God’s people cry
out to Him after their city has been destroyed by invaders (3:55).

Lament is a legitimate response to the reality of suffering, and it
engages God in the context of pain and trouble. Ultimately, lament is
hopeful: when we lament what is not right, we call ourselves and
others to be active in seeking change.

And that’s why the sculpture garden in Nassau has been named
“Genesis”—the place of lament is recognized as the place of new
beginnings.

By:  Amy Peterson

This article may not have a prayer section.




