https://odb.org/2020/08/13/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Great Work

“I am carrying on a great project and cannot go down. Why should the
work stop while I leave it and go down to you?”
Nehemiah 6:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: Nehemiah 6:1–4

The security guard found and removed a piece of tape that was keeping
a door from clicking shut. Later, when he checked the door, he found
it had been taped again. He called the police, who arrived and
arrested five burglars.

Working at the Watergate building in Washington, DC, the headquarters
of a major political party in the US, the young guard had just
uncovered the biggest political scandal of his lifetime simply by
taking his job seriously—and doing it well.

Nehemiah began rebuilding the wall around Jerusalem—a task he took
very seriously. Toward the end of the project, neighboring rivals
asked him to meet with them in a nearby village. Under the guise of a
friendly invitation was an insidious trap (Nehemiah 6:1–2). Yet
Nehemiah’s response shows the depth of his conviction: “I am carrying
on a great project and cannot go down. Why should the work stop while
I leave it and go down to you?” (v. 3).

Although he certainly possessed some authority, Nehemiah may not have
rated very high on the hero scale. He wasn’t a great warrior, not a
poet or a prophet, not a king or a sage. He was a cupbearer-turned-
contractor. Yet he believed he was doing something vital for God. May
we take seriously what He’s given us to do and do it well in His power
and provision.

By:  Glenn Packiam

Reflect & Pray

What has God called you to do? Why is it important for you to take it
seriously—seeing it as a great work?

Dear God, help me to believe that I’m doing a great work. I trust that
You’ve called me to this in this season. Give me the focus to stay the
course.
