https://odb.org/2021/01/18/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Legacy of Acceptance

Accept one another, then, just as Christ accepted you, in order to
bring praise to God.
Romans 15:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 15:5–13

In his book Breaking Down Walls, Glen Kehrein writes about climbing to
the roof of his college dorm in Chicago after the assassination of
civil rights activist Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. in 1968. “The sound
of gunfire bounced eerily back and forth off the large buildings, and
soon my rooftop perch provided a near panoramic, yet horrific, view. .
. . How in the world did I get from a Wisconsin cornfield to a war
zone in the inner city of Chicago in less than two years?” Compelled
by his love for Jesus and people whose backgrounds were different from
his, Glen lived on Chicago’s West Side and led a ministry there that
provided food, clothing, shelter, and other services until his death
in 2011.

Glen’s life mirrors the efforts of believers in Jesus who’ve come to
grips with the need to embrace those who are different from
themselves. Paul’s teaching and example helped Roman believers see
that God’s plan to rescue wayward humanity included Jews and gentiles
(Romans 15:8–12). Believers are called to follow His example of
acceptance of others (v. 7); prejudice and discord have no place among
those called to glorify God with “one mind and one voice” (v. 6). Ask
God to help you cross barriers and break down walls and to warmly
embrace everyone, regardless of their differences. Let’s strive to
leave behind a legacy of acceptance.

By:  Arthur Jackson

Reflect & Pray

How can you be more intentional with people who are different from
you? What steps do you need to take to be more in line with Jesus’
embrace of all people?

Father in heaven, help me to represent You and make adjustments in my
thinking and actions today as I strive to love others well.
