https://odb.org/2019/03/24/singing-in-the-spirit/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

Singing in the Spirit

Be filled with the Spirit, speaking to one another with psalms, hymns,
and songs from the Spirit.
Ephesians 5:18–19

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Chronicles 5:7–14

During the Welsh Revivals of the early twentieth century, Bible
teacher and author G. Campbell Morgan described what he observed. He
believed the presence of God’s Holy Spirit was moving on “billowing
waves of sacred song.” Morgan wrote that he had seen the unifying
influence of music in meetings that encouraged voluntary prayers,
confession, and spontaneous singing. If someone got carried away by
their feelings and prayed too long, or spoke in a way that didn’t
resonate with others, someone would begin to softly sing. Others would
gently join in, the chorus swelling in volume until drowning out all
other sound.

The renewal in song that Morgan describes has its story in the
Scriptures, where music plays a prominent role. Music was used to
celebrate victories (Exodus 15:1–21); in worshipful dedication of the
temple (2 Chronicles 5:12–14); and as a part of military strategy
(20:21–23). At the center of the Bible we find a songbook (Psalms
1–150). And in Paul’s New Testament letter to the Ephesians we read
this description of life in the Spirit: “[Speak] to one another with
psalms, hymns, and songs from the Spirit” (Ephesians 5:19).

In conflict, in worship, in all of life, the music of our faith can
help us find one voice. In harmonies old and new we’re renewed again
and again, not by might, nor by power, but the Spirit and songs of our
God.

By:  Mart DeHaan

Reflect & Pray

What song has spoken to your heart recently? How can music encourage
you in your relationship with God?

The Spirit has a song for those who listen.
