http://odb.org/2012/11/05/beyond-just-and-fair/

Beyond Just And Fair

Masters, give your bondservants what is just and fair, knowing that
you also have a Master in heaven. —
Colossians 4:1

Today's Scripture: Colossians 3:18–4:1

Working conditions in England during the 19th century were abysmal.
Men, women, and children labored in dangerous factories during the day
and went home to dirty tenement slums at night. Many of the factory
owners cared little for the well-being of their employees.

But during that time, the owners of the Cadbury chocolate company were
different. Quakers by conviction and business entrepreneurs by
giftedness, they focused on improving the working conditions of their
200 workers. The Cadburys built a state-of-the-art factory with heated
dressing rooms, a kitchen, and recreational areas. And to care for the
employees’ spiritual needs, the workday started with Bible study.

Colossians 4:1 tells us: “Masters, give your bondservants what is just
and fair, knowing that you also have a Master in heaven.” Certainly
the Cadburys sought to give their employees what was just and fair.
But their heavenly orientation motivated them to go a step further to
meet physical and spiritual needs.

Though we may not own a company, we do have regular contact with a
variety of people. As believers, it is important to be ethical in our
dealings. We can also, with God’s enablement, care about others’ well-
being through prayer, encouragement, and the meeting of physical needs
(Gal. 6:10).

By:  Dennis Fisher

Reflect & Pray

Lord, thank You for loving us and meeting our needs. Often You bring
people into our lives who need Your love and care. Give us wisdom to
creatively reach out a helping hand that we might share Your kindness.

God blesses us so that we can bless others.
