https://odb.org/2018/02/01/national-treasure/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

National Treasure

Hosanna to the Son of David! Blessed is he who comes in the name of
the Lord!
Matthew 21:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 21:12–16

When an advertiser altered a photo of Michelangelo’s famous marble
sculpture of the biblical hero David, Italy’s government and gallery
officials objected. Picturing David with a military rifle slung over
his shoulder (instead of his slingshot) would be a violation—“like
taking a hammer to it or worse,” a cultural official said.

In first-century Jerusalem, David was remembered as the shepherd-
songwriter and soldier-king of Israel’s fondest memories and greatest
hopes. Prophets foretold that David’s descendant would finally defeat
the enemies of Israel. So, centuries later, when crowds welcomed Jesus
as the Son of David (Matthew 21:6–9), they were expecting Him to lead
the revolt that would overthrow their Roman occupiers. Instead Jesus
knocked over the tables of temple money-changers to restore His
Father’s house as a house of prayer for all nations. Israel’s leaders
were furious. This wasn’t the kind of Messiah and Son of David they
were looking for. So without realizing what they were doing, they
called for Roman executioners to take a hammer to the hands and feet
of the true glory of Israel.

Instead of stopping them, Jesus let Himself be lifted up on a cross of
shame—defaced and disgraced. Only by resurrection would it be known
that the true Son of David had defeated His enemies with love and
enlisted the children of all nations to spread the word.

By:  Mart DeHaan

Reflect & Pray

Father in heaven, it’s hard to admit. But it’s true. We get so
confused. We try to protect the images we love more than the love You
consider priceless.

Jesus shows that God is always better than our expectations.
