https://odb.org/2017/12/19/extreme-measures/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Extreme Measures

The Son of Man came to seek and to save the lost.
Luke 19:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 19:1–10

A few years ago, a friend of mine lost track of her young son while
walking through a swarm of people at Union Station in Chicago.
Needless to say, it was a terrifying experience. Frantically, she
yelled his name and ran back up the escalator, retracing her steps in
an effort to find her little boy. The minutes of separation seemed
like hours, until suddenly—thankfully—her son emerged from the crowd
and ran to the safety of her arms.

Thinking of my friend who would have done anything to find her child
fills me with a renewed sense of gratitude for the amazing work God
did to save us. From the time God’s first image-bearers—Adam and
Eve—wandered off in sin, He lamented the loss of fellowship with His
people. He went to great lengths to restore the relationship by
sending His one and only Son “to seek and to save the lost” (Luke
19:10). Without the birth of Jesus, and without His willingness to die
to pay the price for our sin and to bring us to God, we would have
nothing to celebrate at Christmastime.

So this Christmas, let’s be thankful that God took extreme measures by
sending Jesus to reclaim our fellowship with Him. Although we once
were lost, because of Jesus we have been found!

By:  Joe Stowell

Reflect & Pray

Heavenly Father, in the midst of all the joy of Christmas, remind me
that the true meaning of this season lies in the depth of Your love.
Thank You for sending Jesus to reclaim undeserving people like me!

Christmas is about God taking extreme measures to reclaim those who
were lost.
