https://odb.org/2020/04/20/the-singing-revolution/?utm_source=feedburn
er&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%
29

The Singing Revolution

Why, my soul, are you downcast? Why so disturbed within me? Put your
hope in God, for I will yet praise him, my Savior and my God.
Psalm 42:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 42:1–5

What does it take to ignite a revolution? Guns? Bombs? Guerrilla
warfare? In late-1980s Estonia, it took songs. After the people had
lived under the burden of Soviet occupation for decades, a movement
began with the singing of a series of patriotic songs. These songs
birthed the “Singing Revolution,” which played a key role in restoring
Estonian independence in 1991.

“This was a non-violent revolution that overthrew a very violent
occupation,” says a website describing the movement. “But singing had
always been a major unifying force for Estonians while they endured
fifty years of Soviet rule.”

Music can also play a significant part in helping us through our own
hard times. I wonder if that’s why we so readily identify with the
psalms. It was in a dark night of the soul that the psalmist sang,
“Why, my soul, are you downcast? Why so disturbed within me? Put your
hope in God, for I will yet praise him, my Savior and my God” (Psalm
42:5). It was in a season of deep disillusionment that Asaph, the
worship leader, reminded himself, “Surely God is good to Israel, to
those who are pure in heart” (73:1).

In our own challenging times, may we join the psalmists with a singing
revolution for our hearts. Such a revolution overwhelms the personal
tyranny of despair and confusion with faith-fueled confidence in God’s
great love and faithfulness.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

How do you respond when life is overwhelming? What songs bring you the
most comfort and why?

Father, I thank You that Your mercies are new every morning and Your
faithfulness is great. Empower me to sing the song of Your great
love—even when I must sing it through my tears.
