https://odb.org/2020/07/22/a-wide-sweeping-grace/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

A Wide, Sweeping Grace

I have swept away your offenses.
Isaiah 44:22

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 44:21–23

Alexa, Amazon’s voice-controlled device, has an interesting feature:
it can erase everything you say. Whatever you’ve asked Alexa to do,
whatever information you’ve asked Alexa to retrieve, one simple
sentence (“Delete everything I said today”) sweeps it all clean, as if
it never happened. It’s too bad that the rest of our life doesn’t have
this capability. Every misspoken word, every disgraceful act, every
moment we wish we could erase—we’d just speak the command, and the
entire mess would disappear.

There’s good news, though. God does offer each of us a clean start.
Only, He goes far deeper than merely deleting our mistakes or bad
behavior. God provides redemption, a deep healing that transforms us
and makes us new. “Return to me,” He says, “I have redeemed you”
(Isaiah 44:22). Even though Israel rebelled and disobeyed, God reached
out to them with lavish mercy. He “swept away [their] offenses like a
cloud, [their] sins like the morning mist” (v. 22). He gathered all
their shame and failures and washed them away with His wide, sweeping
grace.

God will do the same with our sin and blunders. There’s no mistake He
can’t mend, no wound He can’t heal. God’s mercy heals and redeems the
most painful places in our soul—even the ones we’ve hidden for so very
long. His mercy sweeps away all our guilt, washes away every regret.

By:  Winn Collier

Reflect & Pray

Where are you most aware of your failures? How does the image of God
sweeping away all your mistakes give you hope?

So many regrets, so many things I’d do differently. God, You tell me
that You can forgive and heal me. Thank You for Your mercy and grace.
