https://odb.org/2019/07/12/son-followers/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Son Followers

The seed on good soil stands for those with a noble and good heart,
who hear the word, retain it, and by persevering produce a crop.
Luke 8:15

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 8:11–15

Sunflowers sprout in a carefree manner all over the world. Pollinated
by bees, the plants spring up on the sides of highways, under bird
feeders, and across fields, meadows, and prairies. To produce a
harvest, however, sunflowers need good soil. Well-drained, slightly
acidic, nutrient-rich soil “with organic matter or composted,” says
the Farmer’s Almanac, finally produces tasty sunflower seeds, pure
oil, and also a livelihood for hard-working sunflower growers.

We also need “good soil” for spiritual growth (Luke 8:15). As Jesus
taught in His parable of the farmer scattering seed, God’s Word can
sprout even in rocky or thorny soil (see vv. 6–7). It only thrives,
however, in the soil of “honest, good-hearted people who hear God’s
word, cling to it, and patiently produce a huge harvest” (v. 15 nlt ).

Young sunflowers are just as patient in their growth. Following the
sun’s movement throughout the day, they turn sunward daily in a
process called heliotropism. Mature sunflowers are just as deliberate.
They turn eastward permanently, warming the face of the flower and
increasing visits from pollinator bees. This in turn produces a
greater harvest.

As with those who care for sunflowers, we can provide a rich medium
for God’s Word to grow by clinging to His Word and following after His
Son—developing honesty and a good heart for God’s Word to mature us.
It’s a daily process. May we follow the Son and grow.

By:  Patricia Raybon

Reflect & Pray

What’s the condition of your spiritual soil? Rocky, thorny, or rich in
spiritual “nutrients”? Why? When you follow the Son daily, how does
this practice impact your honesty and heart?


