http://odb.org/2012/11/11/faithful-unto-death/

Faithful Unto Death

Do not fear any of those things which you are about to suffer. . . .
Be faithful until death, and I will give you the crown of life. —
Revelation 2:10

Today's Scripture: Revelation 2:8-11

The Walker Art Gallery in Liverpool, England, has a painting of a
Roman soldier faithfully standing guard in ancient Pompeii. The
painting was inspired by an archaeological discovery in Pompeii of an
ashen-encased Roman soldier in full military gear. The volcanic
eruption of Mount Vesuvius in ad 79 covered that city in lava,
capturing the people and their culture in a moment of time. The
painting Faithful Unto Death is a testimony to the sentinel’s
continuing vigil even as his world was being engulfed in fiery death.

The church at Smyrna—a first-century congregation that suffered
persecution for Christ—was challenged to be faithful unto death. Their
spiritual commitment had not gone unnoticed by the Master (Rev. 2:9).
And for the suffering that was to come, Jesus offered this
encouragement: “Do not fear any of those things which you are about to
suffer. Indeed, the devil is about to throw some of you into prison,
that you may be tested . . . . Be faithful until death, and I will
give you the crown of life” (v.10).

The Lord understands what we are going through now and what we will
face in the future. Though there’s suffering in this world, He
promises eternal life to His children. In His strength we can be
faithful unto death (Phil. 4:12-13).

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Though the stress and strain of life My thread of faith may break, The
cable of God’s faithfulness No storm can ever shake. —Anon.

Our faith may be tested so that we may trust His faithfulness.
