http://odb.org/2013/06/10/a-letter-from-c-s-lewis/

A Letter From C. S. Lewis

I write to you, little children, because your sins are forgiven you
for His name’s sake. —
1 John 2:12

Today's Scripture: 1 John 2:9-17

In September 1961, Harvey Karlsen, a high school student in Brooklyn,
New York, wrote to C. S. Lewis in England. Harvey had read Lewis’ book
The Screwtape Letters and asked the author, “When you wrote this book,
did Satan give you any trouble, and if he did, what did you do about
it?”

Three weeks later, Lewis penned a reply in which he affirmed that he
still had plenty of temptations. He said that in facing them, “Perhaps
. . . the most important thing is to keep on; not to be discouraged
however often one yields to the temptation, but always to pick
yourself up again and ask forgiveness.”

The New Testament letters of John are filled with encouragement to
persevere in the face of temptation. “I write to you, little children,
because your sins are forgiven you for His name’s sake. I write to
you, fathers, because you have known Him who is from the beginning. I
write to you, young men, because you have overcome the wicked one” (1
John 2:12-13).

Whatever our age or experience, we are in a spiritual battle together.
“The world is passing away, and the lust of it; but he who does the
will of God abides forever” (v.17).

Let us cling to God and keep on!

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Lord, I get discouraged when I’ve given in again to one of Satan’s
schemes. I’m thankful, though, that Christ paid for that sin on the
cross. Help me to confess it and then to keep on relying on You for my
spiritual growth.

To master temptation, let Christ master you.
