https://odb.org/2019/01/05/transformers/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Transformed & Transforming

Then he restored the altar of the Lord. . . and told Judah to serve
the Lord, the God of Israel.
2 Chronicles 33:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Chronicles 33:9–17

Tani and Modupe grew up in Nigeria and went to the UK to study in the
1970s. Having been personally transformed by God’s grace, they never
imagined that they would be used to transform one of the most deprived
and segregated communities in England—Anfield in Liverpool. As Drs.
Tani and Modupe Omideyi faithfully sought God and served their
community, God restored hope to many. They lead a vibrant church and
continue to run numerous community projects that have led to the
transformation of countless lives.

Manasseh changed his community, first for evil and then for good.
Crowned king of Judah at the age of twelve, he led his people astray
and they did great evil for many years (2 Chronicles 33:1–9). They
paid no attention to God’s warnings and so He allowed Manasseh to be
taken prisoner to Babylon (vv. 10–11).

In his distress, the king humbly cried out to God who heard his plea
and restored him to his kingdom (vv. 12–13). The now-reformed king
rebuilt the city walls and got rid of the foreign gods (vv. 14–15).
“He restored the altar of the Lord and . . . told Judah to serve the
Lord , the God of Israel” (v. 16). As the people observed the radical
transformation of Manasseh, so too were they transformed (v. 17).

As we seek God, may He transform us and so impact our communities
through us.

By:  Ruth O'Reilly-Smith

Reflect & Pray

Heavenly Father, transform our lives that we may be used by You to
bring transformation to others. Welcome to Ruth O’Reilly-Smith! Meet
all our authors at odb.org/all-authors.

Your transformation by God brings transformation to others.
