http://odb.org/2016/01/02/he-will-reply/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

He Will Reply

He will call on me, and I will answer him.
Psalm 91:15

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 91

I was elated when I came upon the Twitter page of my favorite Korean
movie star, so I decided to drop her a note. I crafted the best
message I could and waited for a reply. I knew it was unlikely I would
receive a response. A celebrity like her would receive an enormous
amount of fan mail every day. Still, I hoped she would reply. But I
was disappointed.

Thankfully, we know God responds to us. He is the “Most High,” the
“Almighty” (Ps. 91:1). His position is exalted and His power is
limitless, yet He is accessible to us. God invites: “Call upon Me, and
I will answer” (v. 15 nkjv).

An ancient legend tells of a monarch who hired weavers to make
tapestries and garments for him. The king gave the silk and the
patterns to the weavers with the strict instructions to seek his aid
immediately if they had any difficulties. One young weaver was happy
and successful while the others were always experiencing trouble. When
the boy was asked why he was so successful, he said, “Didn’t you
notice how often I called for the king?” They replied, “Yes, but he’s
very busy, and we thought you were wrong in disturbing him so
frequently.” The boy answered, “I just took him at his word, and he
was always happy to help me!”

Our God is like that king—only so much greater. He is loving and kind
enough to care about our smallest concern and faintest whisper.

By:  Poh Fang Chia

Reflect & Pray

Lord, it’s amazing to me that You—the God who created the
universe—care about me and want me to come to You in prayer. Thank You
for loving me so much.

We always have God’s attention.
