https://odb.org/2017/06/30/time-to-flourish/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Time to Flourish

“Sir,” the man replied, “leave it alone for one more year, and I’ll
dig around it and fertilize it.”
Luke 13:8

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 13:1–9

Last spring I decided to cut down the rose bush by our back door. In
the three years we’d lived in our home, it hadn’t produced many
flowers, and its ugly, fruitless branches were now creeping in all
directions.

But life got busy, and my gardening plan got delayed. It was just as
well—only a few weeks later that rose bush burst into bloom like I’d
never seen before. Hundreds of big white flowers, rich in perfume,
hung over the back door, flowed into our yard, and showered the ground
with beautiful petals.

My rose bush’s revival reminded me of Jesus’s parable of the fig tree
in Luke 13:6–9. In Israel, it was customary to give fig trees three
years to produce fruit. If they didn’t, they were cut down so the soil
could be better used. In Jesus’s story, a gardener asks his boss to
give one particular tree a fourth year to produce. In context (vv.
1–5), the parable implies this: The Israelites hadn’t lived as they
should, and God could justly judge them. But God is patient and had
given extra time for them to turn to Him, be forgiven, and bloom.

God wants all people to flourish and has given extra time so that they
can. Whether we are still journeying toward faith or are praying for
unbelieving family and friends, His patience is good news for all of
us.

By:  Sheridan Voysey

Reflect & Pray

I am the vine; you are the branches. If you remain in me and I in you,
you will bear much fruit; apart from me you can do nothing. (John
15:5).

God has given the world extra time to respond to His offer of
forgiveness.
