https://odb.org/2017/09/10/christs-letters/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Writing Letters

You yourselves are our letter, written on our hearts, known and read
by everyone.
2 Corinthians 3:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Corinthians 3:1–6

My mother and her sisters engage in what is increasingly becoming a
lost art form—writing letters. Each week they pen personal words to
each other with such consistency that one of their mail-carriers
worries when he doesn’t have something to deliver! Their letters brim
with the stuff of life, the joys and heartaches along with the daily
happenings of friends and family.

I love to reflect on this weekly exercise of the women in my family.
It helps me appreciate even more the apostle Paul’s words that those
who follow Jesus are “a letter from Christ,” who were “written not
with ink but with the Spirit of the living God” (2 Cor. 3:3). In
response to false teachers who wanted to discredit his message (see 2
Cor. 11), Paul encouraged the church in Corinth to keep on following
the true and living God as he had previously taught. In doing so, he
memorably described the believers as Christ’s letter, with their
transformed lives a more powerful witness to the Spirit working
through Paul’s ministry than any written letter could be.

How wonderful that God’s Spirit in us writes a story of grace and
redemption! For as meaningful as written words can be, it is our lives
that are the best witness to the truth of the gospel, for they speak
volumes through our compassion, service, gratitude, and joy. Through
our words and actions, the Lord spreads His life-giving love. What
message might you send today?

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

Lord God, write the story of my life so that I might reflect Your love
and goodness to those I encounter today.

We are Christ’s letters.
