http://odb.org/2015/06/02/feeling-insignificant/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Feeling Insignificant?

I will praise You, for I am fearfully and wonderfully made. —
Psalm 139:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 139:7-16

We are among seven billion people who coexist on a tiny planet that
resides in a small section of a rather insignificant solar system. Our
earth, in reality, is just one miniscule blue dot among millions of
celestial bodies that God created. On the gigantic canvas that is our
universe, our beautiful, majestic Earth appears as a tiny speck of
dust.

That could make us feel extremely unimportant and inconsequential.
However, God’s Word suggests that just the opposite is true. Our great
God, who “measured the waters in the hollow of His hand” (Isa. 40:12),
has singled out each person on this planet as supremely important, for
we are made in His image.

For instance, He has created everything for us to enjoy (1 Tim. 6:17).
Also, for all who have trusted Jesus as Savior, God has given purpose
(Eph. 2:10). And then there’s this: Despite the vastness of this
world, God cares specifically about each of us. Psalm 139 says He
knows what we are going to say and what we are thinking. We can’t
escape His presence, and He planned our earthly existence before we
were born.

We don’t need to feel unimportant when the God of the universe is that
interested in us!

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

Lord, I look out into the vastness of the heavens and I see the
grandeur of Your infinite power, yet You look at me from heaven and
see someone You know, love, and care about. Thank You that You find
value in me.

The God who created the universe is the God who loves you.
