http://odb.org/2015/11/23/the-sounds-of-silence-2/?utm_source=feedburn
er&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%
29

The Sounds of Silence

The lips of the righteous nourish many.
Proverbs 10:21

Today's Scripture & Insight: Proverbs 10:19-21

A fishing buddy of mine observed, “Shallow streams make the most
noise,” a delightful turn on the old adage, “Still waters run deep.”
He meant, of course, that people who make the most noise tend to have
little of substance to say.

The flip side of that problem is that we don’t listen well either. I’m
reminded of the line in the old Simon and Garfunkel song “Sounds of
Silence” about folks hearing without listening. Oh, they hear the
words, but they fail to silence their own thoughts and truly listen.
It would be good if we all learned to be silent and still.

There is “a time to be silent and a time to speak” (Eccl. 3:7). Good
silence is a listening silence, a humble silence. It leads to right
hearing, right understanding, and right speaking. “The purposes of a
person’s heart are deep waters,” the proverb says, “but one who has
insight draws them out” (Prov. 20:5). It takes a lot of hard listening
to get all the way to the bottom.

And while we listen to others, we should also be listening to God and
hearing what He has to say. I think of Jesus, scribbling with His
finger in the dust while the Pharisees railed on the woman caught in
adultery (see John 8:1-11). What was He doing? May I suggest that He
could have been simply listening for His Father’s voice and asking,
“What shall we say to this crowd and this dear woman?” His response is
still being heard around the world.

By:  David H. Roper

Reflect & Pray

Father, today may Your Spirit remind us to seek the quiet so that we
may listen first to Your voice and then understand the hearts of
others. Teach us when to speak and when to be quiet.

Well-timed silence can be more eloquent than words.
