http://odb.org/2012/06/13/the-best-teacher/

The Best Teacher

Blessed is the man who walks not in the counsel of the ungodly. —
Psalm 1:1

Today's Scripture: Psalm 1

In talking to young people about preparing for the future, I’ve had
several say something like this: “We must get into the world to
experience ungodly situations and ungodly people in order to grow
stronger.”

This kind of thinking has swallowed up many immature Christians and
eventually turned them against God. Sure, we’re in the world (John
17:15) and we’re exposed to non-Christian situations (school, job,
neighborhood), but we need to be careful that exposure to those
situations does not lead to embracing ungodly philosophies. All of us
would mature faster by following the divine pattern suggested in Psalm
1:1.

First, let’s not let our decisions and choices be controlled by the
“counsel of the ungodly.” Second, we shouldn’t put ourselves in a
place where those who don’t know Jesus can unduly influence our
thought processes. Third, let’s avoid getting comfortable with those
who mock God, His Word, and His role in our life so that their
thinking seems right to us.

Counsel from such sources leads us away from God. Instead, it’s best
to get our training, our guidance, and our advice from God’s holy Word
and those who know it and love it. God and His Word, not experiences,
are our best teacher.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

You’ve given us Your Spirit, Lord, To help us grow, mature, and learn,
To teach us from Your written Word, So truth from error we’ll discern.
—Sper

Let God’s Word fill your memory, rule your heart, and guide your life.
