http://odb.org/2015/12/08/the-perfect-gift/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Perfect Gift

Ascribe to the Lord the glory due his name; bring an offering and come
into his courts.
Psalm 96:8

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 12:1-8

Every year our local botanical garden hosts a celebration of Christmas
around the world. My favorite display is a French nativity. Instead of
the traditional scene showing shepherds and wise men with gifts of
gold, frankincense, and myrrh gathered around the manger, it shows
French villagers bringing their gifts to baby Jesus. They bring bread,
wine, cheese, flowers, and other items that God has given them the
ability to produce. This reminds me of the Old Testament command to
bring the firstfruits of our labor to the house of the Lord (Ex.
23:16-19). This depiction of the nativity illustrates that everything
we have comes from God, so the only thing we have to give is something
that God has given us.

When Paul instructed the Romans to present themselves as a living
sacrifice, he was telling them to give back to God what God had given
them—their own selves (Rom. 12:1). This includes the gifts He gave
them, even their ability to earn a living. We know that God gives
people special abilities. Some, like David, were skilled in music
(1 Sam. 16:18). Some, like Bezalel and Oholiab, were skilled in
artistic works (Ex. 35:30-35). Others have skill in writing, teaching,
gardening, and many other things.

When we give back to God what He has first given to us, we give Him
the perfect gift—ourselves.

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

What can you offer to Jesus? Share on our Facebook page:
facebook.com/ourdailybread

Give your all to Christ who gave His all for you.
