http://odb.org/2014/12/29/delay-may-not-mean-denial/?utm_source=feedbu
rner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Brea
d%29

Delay May Not Mean Denial

When [Jesus] heard that [Lazarus] was sick, He stayed two more days in
the place where He was. —
John 11:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 11:21-35

My sons’ birthdays are in December. When they were small, Angus
quickly learned that if he didn’t receive a longed-for toy for his
birthday at the beginning of the month, it might be in his Christmas
stocking. And if David didn’t receive his gift for Christmas, it might
appear for his birthday 4 days later. Delay didn’t necessarily mean
denial.

It was natural for Martha and Mary to send for Jesus when Lazarus
became seriously ill (John 11:1-3). Perhaps they looked anxiously
along the road for signs of His arrival, but Jesus didn’t come. The
funeral service had been over for 4 days when Jesus finally walked
into town (v.17).

Martha was blunt. “If You had been here,” she said, “my brother would
not have died” (v.21). Then her faith flickered into certainty, “Even
now I know that whatever You ask of God, God will give You” (v.22). I
wonder what she expected. Lazarus was dead, and she was wary about
opening the tomb. And yet at a word from Jesus, Lazarus’ spirit
returned to his decaying body (vv.41-44). Jesus had bypassed simply
healing His sick friend, in order to perform the far greater miracle
of bringing him back to life.

Waiting for God’s timing may also give us a greater miracle than we
had hoped for.

By:  Marion Stroud

Reflect & Pray

My Savior hears me when I pray, Upon His Word I calmly rest; In His
own time, in His own way, I know He’ll give me what is best. —Hewitt

Time spent waiting on God is never wasted.
