https://odb.org/2018/03/20/a-good-season/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Good Season

There is a time for everything, and a season for every activity under
the heavens.
Ecclesiastes 3:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ecclesiastes 3:1–11

Today is the first day of spring in the northern half of the world. If
you live in Australia, it’s the first day of autumn—the vernal equinox
in the northern hemisphere and the autumnal equinox in the southern
hemisphere. Today, the sun shines directly on the equator, and the
hours of daylight and nighttime are nearly equal around the world.

New seasons are important for many people. Some count down the day
because of what they hope the new season will bring. Perhaps you’ve
been marking off a calendar for spring in Wisconsin to signal the end
of another winter. Or maybe you live in Melbourne, and you can’t wait
for autumn to bring relief from the Australian sun.

We also go through seasons of life that don’t have to do with the
weather. The author of Ecclesiastes told us there is a season for
every activity under the sun—a time appointed by God during which we
live our lives (3:1–11).

Moses spoke of a new season in his life after he led the people of
Israel through the wilderness (Deuteronomy 31:2), and he had to give
up his leadership role to Joshua. And Paul faced a lonely season while
he was under house arrest in Rome—asking for visitors but realizing
that God was “at my side” (2 Timothy 4:17).

Regardless of the season of life, let’s give thanks to God for His
greatness, His help, and His companionship.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

Thank You, Father, for the promise of Your care during this season of
my life. You have allowed this circumstance for a good reason. Help me
to use this time appointed by You in a way that deepens my trust in
You.

Every season brings a reason to rejoice.
