https://odb.org/2019/05/22/the-heart-of-fasting/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Heart of Fasting

The fasts . . . will become joyful and glad occasions and happy
festivals for Judah. Therefore love truth and peace.
Zechariah 8:19

Today's Scripture & Insight: Zechariah 7:1–10

Hunger pangs gnawed at my nerves. My mentor had recommended fasting as
a way to focus on God. But as the day wore on, I wondered: How did
Jesus do this for forty days? I struggled to rely on the Holy Spirit
for peace, strength, and patience. Especially patience.

If we’re physically able, fasting can teach us the importance of our
spiritual food. As Jesus said, “Man shall not live on bread alone, but
on every word that comes from the mouth of God” (Matthew 4:4). Yet, as
I learned firsthand, fasting on its own doesn’t necessarily draw us
closer to God!

In fact, God once told His people through the prophet Zechariah that
their practice of fasting was useless since it wasn’t leading to
service for the poor. “Was it really for me that you fasted?” God
asked pointedly (Zechariah 7:5).

God’s question revealed that the primary problem wasn’t their
stomachs; it was their cold hearts. By continuing to serve themselves,
they were failing to draw closer to God’s heart. So He urged them,
“Administer true justice; show mercy and compassion to one another. Do
not oppress the widow or the fatherless, the foreigner or the poor”
(vv. 9–10).

Our goal in any spiritual discipline is to draw closer to Jesus. As we
grow in likeness to Him, we’ll gain a heart for those He loves.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

How can God use spiritual disciplines as tools to break up the rocky
soil of our hearts? What’s helped you draw closer to Jesus recently?

God, I am so prone to seek my own pleasure and the approval of others.
Help my life please You as I serve others.
