https://odb.org/2018/08/12/help-from-heaven/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Help from Heaven

Surely the Lord was fighting for Israel!
Joshua 10:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: Joshua 10:6–15

SOS, the Morse code signal, was created in 1905 because sailors needed
a way to indicate extreme distress. The signal gained renown in 1910
when used by the sinking steamer Kentucky, saving all forty-six people
aboard.

While SOS may be a more recent invention, the urgent cry for help is
as old as humanity. We hear it often in the Old Testament story of
Joshua, who faced opposition from fellow Israelites (Joshua 9:18) and
challenging terrain (3:15–17) for more than fourteen years as the
Israelites slowly conquered and settled the land God had promised
them. During this struggle “the Lord was with Joshua” (6:27).

In Joshua 10, the Israelites go to the aid of the Gibeonites, allies
of Israel who were being attacked by five kings. Joshua knew that he
needed the Lord’s help to defeat so many powerful enemies (v. 12). God
responded with a hailstorm, even stopping the sun in the middle of the
sky to give Israel more time to defeat the enemy. Joshua 10:14
recounts, “Surely the Lord was fighting for Israel!”

If you are in the midst of a challenging situation, you can send out
an SOS to God. Although help will look different than the assistance
Joshua received, perhaps help comes through an unexpected job, an
understanding doctor, or peace in the midst of grief. Be encouraged
that these are ways He is responding to your call for help and
fighting for you.

By:  Lisa M. Samra

Reflect & Pray

Thank You, Father, for walking with me on this difficult journey and
hearing me when I cry out to You.

As we cry out to God for help, we can trust that He will be with us.
