https://odb.org/2019/08/03/for-love-or-money/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

For Love or Money

Watch out! Be on your guard against all kinds of greed; life does not
consist in an abundance of possessions.
Luke 12:15

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 19:1–10

Irish poet Oscar Wilde said, “When I was young I thought that money
was the most important thing in life; now that I am old I know that it
is.” His comment was made tongue-in-cheek; he lived only to age forty-
six, so he never truly was “old.” Wilde fully understood that life is
not about money.

Money is temporary; it comes and it goes. So life must be about more
than money and what it can buy. Jesus challenged the people of His
generation—rich and poor alike—to a recalibrated value system. In Luke
12:15, Jesus said, “Watch out! Be on your guard against all kinds of
greed; life does not consist in an abundance of possessions.” In our
culture, where there’s an abiding focus on more and newer and better,
there’s something to be said both for contentment and for perspective
about how we view money and possessions.

Upon meeting Jesus, a rich young ruler went away sad because he had
many possessions he didn’t want to give up (see Luke 18:18–25), but
Zacchaeus the tax collector gave away much of what he’d spent his life
acquiring (Luke 19:8). The difference is embracing the heart of
Christ. In His grace, we can find a healthy perspective on the things
we possess—so they don’t become the things that have us.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

What can’t you live without? Why? Is it something that lasts forever,
or just for a moment?

Father, give me Your wisdom that I might keep the things of life in
the right perspective—and have a value system that reflects eternity.
Listen to “God and Money” at discovertheword.org/series/god-and-
money/.
