http://odb.org/2015/04/24/hope-lives/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium
=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Hope Lives

Your faith, being much more precious than gold . . . may be found to
praise, honor, and glory at the revelation of Jesus Christ. —
1 Peter 1:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Peter 1:3-9

When unspeakable tragedy shatters people’s lives, they search for
answers. Recently, a mother who had lost a teenager said to me, “I
can’t figure it out. I don’t know if I can believe anymore. I try, but
God doesn’t make sense to me. What does it all mean?” There are no
easy answers to such big concerns. But for those who have trusted
Christ, there is hope—whether we are basking in blessings or grinding
through grief.

Peter spells this out in his first letter. In glowing terms, he
praises God for our “new birth into a living hope” (1 Peter 1:3 niv)
through our salvation. That hope can bring joy even in the middle of
tragedy. He also assures us of the permanence of this hope (v.4). He
then tells us of the heart-breaking reality that we may “suffer grief
in all kinds of trials” (v.6 niv). Those who have suffered loss turn
hopeful hearts toward Peter’s next words: These come so that “your
faith . . . may be found to praise, honor, and glory at the revelation
of Jesus Christ” (v.7).

Trials—seemingly random and inexplicable—can be seen differently in
the light of these words. In the midst of tragedy, the power and
beauty of our salvation can shine through because of our great Savior.
And that may be just enough light to get a troubled person through
another day.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

Lord, You assure us that the grand salvation You provided is proved
genuine in our pain and that it leads to glory for You. Help us to
begin each new day with renewed hope in You.

The light of salvation shines clearly even in the darkest night.
