http://odb.org/2014/05/21/anchors-in-the-storm/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Anchors In The Storm

The Lord your God is with you wherever you go. —
Joshua 1:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: Joshua 1:1-9

When Matt and Jessica tried to navigate their sailboat into a Florida
inlet during Hurricane Sandy, the craft ran aground. As the waves
crashed around them, they quickly dropped anchor. It held the sailboat
in place until they could be rescued. They said that if they had not
put down the anchor, “We would have lost our boat for sure.” Without
the anchor, the relentless waves would have smashed the vessel onto
the shore.

We need anchors that hold us secure in our spiritual lives as well.
When God called Joshua to lead His people after Moses’ death, He gave
him anchors of promise he could rely on in troubled times. The Lord
said to him, “I will be with you. I will not leave you nor forsake
you. . . . The Lord your God is with you wherever you go” (Josh.
1:5,9). God also gave Joshua and His people the “Book of the Law” to
study and observe (vv.7-8). That, and God’s presence, were anchors the
Israelites could rely on as they faced many challenges.

When we’re in the middle of suffering or when doubts start threatening
our faith, what are our anchors? We could start with Joshua 1:5.
Although our faith may feel weak, if it’s anchored in God’s promises
and presence, He will safely hold us.

By:  Anne Cetas

Reflect & Pray

We have an anchor that keeps the soul Steadfast and sure while the
billows roll, Fastened to the Rock which cannot move, Grounded firm
and deep in the Savior’s love. —Owens

When we feel the stress of the storm we learn the strength of the
anchor.
