https://odb.org/2018/12/19/a-christmas-letter/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Christmas Letter

The Word became flesh and made his dwelling among us. We have seen his
glory, the glory of the one and only Son, who came from the Father.
John 1:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 1:1–14

Every Christmas, a friend of mine writes a long letter to his wife,
reviewing the events of the year and dreaming about the future. He
always tells her how much he loves her, and why. He also writes a
letter to each of his daughters. His words of love make an
unforgettable Christmas present.

We could say that the original Christmas love letter was Jesus, the
Word made flesh. John highlights this truth in his gospel: “In the
beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was
God” (John 1:1). In ancient philosophy, the Greek for Word, logos,
suggested a divine mind or order that unites reality, but John expands
the definition to reveal the Word as a person: Jesus, the Son of God
who was “with God in the beginning” (v. 2). This Word, the Father’s
“one and only Son,” “became flesh and made his dwelling among us” (v.
14). Through Jesus the Word, God reveals Himself perfectly.

Theologians have grappled with this beautiful mystery for centuries.
However much we may not understand, we can be certain that Jesus as
the Word gives light to our dark world (v. 9). If we believe in Him,
we can experience the gift of being God’s beloved children (v. 12).

Jesus, God’s love letter to us, has come and made His home among us.
Now that’s an amazing Christmas gift!

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

Lord Jesus Christ, You are the Word of God, and You bring light into
my life. May I shine forth Your goodness and grace and bring You
honor.

How can you share the amazing gift of Jesus with others today?
