http://odb.org/2011/04/24/too-good-to-be-true/

Too Good To Be True?

Their words seemed to [the disciples] like idle tales, and they did
not believe them. —
Luke 24:11

Today's Scripture: Luke 24:1-12

In the 1980s, John Knoll and his brother Thomas began experimenting
with a computer program to manipulate images. Software companies
thought they were crazy, because photographers didn’t use computers at
that time. Initially the brothers called their program Display, then
Imaginator, and finally they settled on Photoshop®. Today Photoshop®
is used by amateurs at home and professionals in business around the
world. A San Jose Mercury News article noted its place in popular
language. When something looks too good to be true, people say, “It
must have been Photoshopped.”

On the first Easter morning, the women who took spices to anoint the
body of Jesus found the tomb empty and heard angels say, “He is not
here, but is risen!” (Luke 24:6). When the women told this to the
disciples, “Their words seemed to them like idle tales, and they did
not believe them” (v.11). Nonsense! Mind-boggling! Too good to be
true!

If someone manipulated the evidence, then millions of people around
the world gather today to celebrate a myth. But if Jesus conquered
death, then all He said about forgiveness, power to change, and
eternal life is real.

Because Christ has risen and lives today, this news is too good not to
be true!

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Up from the grave He arose, With a mighty triumph o’er His foes; He
arose a Victor from the dark domain, And He lives forever with His
saints to reign. —Lowry

The resurrection is a fact of history that demands a response of
faith.
