https://odb.org/2018/07/09/be-still-my-soul/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Be Still, My Soul!

I have calmed and quieted myself.
Psalm 131:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 131

Picture a parent poised lovingly over a child, finger gently placed in
front of nose and lips softly speaking the words—“hush,” “shhhh.” The
demeanor and simple words are meant to comfort and quiet anxious
little ones in the midst of disappointment, discomfort, or pain.
Scenes like this are universal and timeless and most of us have been
on the giving or receiving end of such loving expressions. When I
ponder Psalm 131:2, this is the picture that comes to mind.

The language and flow of this psalm suggest that the writer, David,
had experienced something that provoked serious reflection. Have you
experienced a disappointment, defeat, or failure that prompted
thoughtful, reflective prayer? What do you do when you are humbled by
life’s circumstances? When you fail a test or lose a job or experience
the end of a relationship? David poured out his heart to the Lord and
in the process did a bit of honest soul-searching and inventory (Psalm
131:1). In making peace with his circumstances, he found contentment
like that of a young child who was satisfied with simply being with
his or her mother (v. 2).

Life’s circumstances change and sometimes we are humbled. Yet we can
be hopeful and content knowing that there is One who has promised to
never leave or forsake us. We can trust Him fully.

By:  Arthur Jackson

Reflect & Pray

Father, when things change in my life, help me not to be anxious but
to trust You and find contentment in You alone. Read more: Cultivating
a Heart of Contentment at discoveryseries.org/hp052.

Contentment is found in Christ alone.
