https://odb.org/2020/12/02/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Christmas Presence

The virgin will conceive and give birth to a son.
Isaiah 7:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 7:10–14

“No ear may hear His coming, but in this world of sin, where meek
souls will receive Him still, the dear Christ enters in.” Those words
from Phillips Brooks’ much-loved hymn “O Little Town of Bethlehem”
point to the very heart of Christmas. Jesus came into our broken world
to rescue us from our sin and give all who would put their faith in
Him a new and vital relationship with God.

In a letter to a friend decades after he wrote the hymn, Brooks
poignantly described the outcome of this relationship in his own life:
“I cannot tell you how personal this grows to me. He is here. He knows
me and I know Him. It is no figure of speech. It is the realest thing
in the world, and every day makes it realer. And one wonders with
delight what it will grow to as the years go on.”

Brooks’ calm assurance of God’s presence in his life reflects one of
the names of Jesus prophesied by Isaiah: “The virgin will conceive and
give birth to a son, and will call him Immanuel” (Isaiah 7:14). The
gospel of Matthew gives us the meaning of the Hebrew name Immanuel:
“God with us” (1:23).

God drew near to us through Jesus so we could know Him personally and
be with Him forever. His loving presence with us is the greatest gift
of all.

By:  James Banks

Reflect & Pray

What does it mean to you that God loves you so much He wants to be
with you always? How will you draw near to Him today?

Loving God, thank You for giving Yourself to me through Your life on
earth, death on the cross, and resurrection. Please help me to live
for You today and forever!
