https://odb.org/2018/01/03/breathtaking-glory/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Breathtaking Glory

Yours, Lord, is the greatness and the power and the glory and the
majesty and the splendor.
1 Chronicles 29:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Chronicles 29:10–13

One of the pleasures of a trip to Europe is visiting the grand
cathedrals that dot the landscape. They are breathtakingly beautiful
as they soar toward the heavens. The architecture, art, and symbolism
found in these amazing buildings present a spellbinding experience of
wonder and magnificence.

As I thought about the fact that these structures were built to
reflect God’s magnificence and His all-surpassing splendor, I wondered
how we could possibly recapture in our hearts and minds a similar
feeling of God’s grandeur and be reminded again of His greatness.

One way we can do that is to look beyond man’s grand, regal structures
and contemplate the greatness of what God Himself has created. Take
one look at a starry night sky and think of God’s power as He spoke
the universe into existence. Hold a newborn baby in your arms and
thank God for the miracle of life itself. Look at the snow-covered
mountains of Alaska or the majestic Atlantic Ocean teeming with
millions of God-designed creatures and imagine the power that makes
that ecosystem work.

Mankind is not wrong to reach for the sky with structures that are
intended to point us to God. But our truest admiration should be
reserved for God Himself as we say to Him, “Yours, Lord , is the
greatness and the power and the glory and the majesty and the
splendor” (1 Chronicles 29:11).

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

Lord, You do take our breath away with Your greatness. Thank You for
reminding us of Your grandeur in Your world and in Your Word.

God alone is worthy of our worship.
