https://odb.org/2018/08/22/gods-care-for-us/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

God’s Care for Us

The Lord God made garments of skin for Adam and his wife and clothed
them.
Genesis 3:21

Today's Scripture: Genesis 3:1–13

My young grandsons enjoy dressing themselves. Sometimes they pull
their shirts on backwards and often the younger one puts his shoes on
the wrong feet. I usually don’t have the heart to tell them; besides,
I find their innocence endearing.

I love seeing the world through their eyes. To them, everything is an
adventure, whether walking the length of a fallen tree, spying a
turtle sunning itself on a log, or excitedly watching a fire truck
roar by. But I know that even my little grandsons are not truly
innocent. They can make up a dozen excuses about why they can’t stay
in their beds at night and are quick to yank a wanted toy from the
other. Yet I love them dearly.

I picture Adam and Eve, God’s first people, as being in some ways like
my grandchildren. Everything they saw in the garden must have been a
marvel as they walked with God. But one day they willfully disobeyed.
They ate of the one tree they were forbidden to eat (Genesis 2:15–17;
3:6). And that disobedience immediately led to lies and blame-shifting
(3:8–13).

Still, God loved and cared for them. He sacrificed animals in order to
clothe them (v. 21)—and later He provided a way of salvation for all
sinners through the sacrifice of His Son (John 3:16). He loves us that
much!

By:  Alyson Kieda

Reflect & Pray

Dear Lord, thank You for loving us, despite our sin, and for making a
way for us to be with You forever! For help in your spiritual growth,
see this course: christianuniversity.org/spiritual-life-basics.

Jesus loves us so much He sacrificed Himself for our sins.
