http://odb.org/2014/07/08/uncertain-times/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Uncertain Times

The peace of God, which surpasses all understanding, will guard your
hearts and minds through Christ Jesus. —
Philippians 4:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: Philippians 4:6-9

During a major economic downturn several years ago, many people lost
their jobs. Sadly, my brother-in-law was one of them. Writing to me
about their situation, my sister shared that although there were
uncertainties, they had peace because they knew that God would care
for them.

Believers in Jesus can have peace in the midst of uncertainties
because we have the assurance that our heavenly Father loves His
children and cares for our needs (Matt. 6:25-34). We can bring all our
concerns to Him with an attitude of thankfulness, trusting Him to meet
our needs and give us peace (Phil. 4:6-7).

“The peace of God, which surpasses all understanding,” writes the
apostle Paul, “will guard your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus”
(v.7). To say the peace of God surpasses all understanding reveals
that we can’t explain it, but we can experience it as He guards our
hearts and minds.

Our peace comes from the confidence that the Lord loves us and He is
in control. He alone provides the comfort that settles our nerves,
fills our minds with hope, and allows us to relax even in the midst of
changes and challenges.

By:  Poh Fang Chia

Reflect & Pray

Heavenly Father, You are all-wise, all-powerful, and all-loving. In
the midst of uncertainties, help me to rest in the certainty of who
You are. I thank You that Your peace will guard my heart. I place my
trust in You.

You will keep him in perfect peace, whose mind is stayed on You,
because he trusts in You. —Isaiah 26:3
