https://odb.org/2020/03/10/broken-to-be-shared/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Broken to Be Shared

You give them something to eat.
Luke 9:13

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 9:11–17

We met every Thursday after he lost his wife in a car accident.
Sometimes he came with questions to which no answers exist; sometimes
he came with memories he wanted to relive. Over time, he accepted that
even though the accident was a result of the brokenness in our world,
God could work in the midst of it. A few years later, he taught a
class at our church about grief and how to lament well. Soon, he
became our go-to guide for people experiencing loss. Sometimes it’s
when we don’t feel like we have anything to offer that God takes our
“not enough” and makes it “more than enough.”

Jesus told His disciples to give the people something to eat. They’d
protested that there was nothing to give; Jesus multiplied their
meager supplies and then turned back to the disciples and gave them
the bread, as if to say, “I meant it: You give them something to eat!”
(Luke 9:13–16). Christ will do the miraculous, but He often chooses to
involve us.

Jesus says to us, “Place who you are and what you have in My hands.
Your broken life. Your story. Your frailty and your failure, your pain
and your suffering. Put it in My hands. You’ll be surprised what I can
do with it.” Jesus knows that out of our emptiness, He can bring
fullness. Out of our weakness, He can reveal His strength.

By:  Glenn Packiam

Reflect & Pray

What brokenness have you experienced? What would it look like to offer
that experience to Jesus and ask Him to bring life to others from it?

Dear Jesus, take my “not enough” and make it “more than enough.” Take
my pain, my failure, and my frailty, and make it something more.
