https://odb.org/2020/02/06/mercys-lament/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Mercy’s Lament

My heart is poured out on the ground . . . because children and
infants faint in the streets of the city.
Lamentations 2:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: Lamentations 2:10–13, 18–19

Her father blamed his illness on witchcraft. It was AIDS. When he
died, his daughter, ten-year-old Mercy, grew even closer to her
mother. But her mother was sick too, and three years later she died.
From then on, Mercy’s sister raised the five siblings. That’s when
Mercy began to keep a journal of her deep pain.

The prophet Jeremiah kept a record of his pain too. In the grim book
of Lamentations, he wrote of atrocities done to Judah by the
Babylonian army. Jeremiah’s heart was especially grieved for the
youngest victims. “My heart is poured out on the ground,” he cried,
“because my people are destroyed, because children and infants faint
in the streets of the city” (2:11). The people of Judah had a history
of ignoring God, but their children were paying the price too. “Their
lives ebb away in their mothers’ arms,” wrote Jeremiah (v. 12).

We might have expected Jeremiah to reject God in the face of such
suffering. Instead, he urged the survivors, “Pour out your heart like
water in the presence of the Lord. Lift up your hands to him for the
lives of your children” (v. 19).

It’s good, as Mercy and Jeremiah did, to pour out our hearts to God.
Lament is a crucial part of being human. Even when God permits such
pain, He grieves with us. Made as we are in His image, He must lament
too!

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

How do you handle the painful situations in your life? How might it
help you to write it down and share your journal with a friend?

Dear God, I’m hurting because of ____________________. You see my
grief. Please show Your strength in my life today.
