https://odb.org/2019/02/01/deeper-love/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Deeper Love

God demonstrates his own love for us in this: While we were still
sinners, Christ died for us.
Romans 5:8

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Peter 4:7–11

When they first met, Edwin Stanton snubbed US president Abraham
Lincoln personally and professionally—even referring to him as a
“long-armed creature.” But Lincoln appreciated Stanton’s abilities and
chose to forgive him, eventually appointing Stanton to a vital cabinet
position during the Civil War. Stanton later grew to love Lincoln as a
friend. It was Stanton who sat by Lincoln’s bed throughout the night
after the president was shot at Ford’s Theater and whispered through
tears on his passing, “Now he belongs to the ages.”

Reconciliation is a beautiful thing. The apostle Peter pointed
followers of Jesus there when he wrote, “Above all, love each other
deeply, because love covers over a multitude of sins” (1 Peter 4:8).
Peter’s words cause me to wonder if he was thinking of his own denial
of Jesus (Luke 22:54–62) and the forgiveness Jesus offered him (and
us) through the cross.

The deep love Jesus demonstrated through His death on the cross frees
us from the debt for our sins and opens the way for our reconciliation
with God (Colossians 1:19–20). His forgiveness empowers us to forgive
others as we realize we can’t forgive in our own strength and ask Him
to help us. When we love others because our Savior loves them and
forgive because He has forgiven us, God gives us strength to let go of
the past and walk forward with Him into beautiful new places of grace.

By:  James Banks

This article may not have a prayer section.




