https://odb.org/2020/06/26/beat-again/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_mediu
m=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Beat Again

March on, my soul; be strong!
Judges 5:21

Today's Scripture & Insight: Judges 5:19–21

In 2012, Phillips, Craig and Dean released their song “Tell Your Heart
to Beat Again.” It was inspired by the true story of a heart surgeon.
After removing a patient’s heart to repair it, the surgeon returned it
to the chest and began gently massaging it back to life. But the heart
wouldn’t restart. More intense measures followed, but the heart still
wouldn’t beat. Finally, the surgeon knelt next to the unconscious
patient and spoke to her: “Miss Johnson,” he said, “this is your
surgeon. The operation went perfectly. Your heart has been repaired.
Now tell your heart to beat again.” Her heart began to beat.

The idea that we could tell our physical heart to do something might
seem strange, but it has spiritual parallels. “Why, my soul, are you
downcast?” the psalmist says to himself. “Put your hope in God” (Psalm
42:5). “Return to your rest, my soul,” says another, “for the Lord has
been good to you” (116:7). After beating Israel’s enemies in war,
Deborah, a judge, revealed that she too had spoken to her heart during
battle. “March on, my soul,” she told it, “be strong!” (Judges 5:21),
because the Lord had promised victory (4:6–7).

Our capable Surgeon has mended our heart (Psalm 103:3). So when fear,
depression, or condemnation come, perhaps we too should address our
souls and say: March on! Be strong! Feeble heart, beat again.

By:  Sheridan Voysey

Reflect & Pray

What was your first response to the surgeon’s words to the patient?
What words from Scripture do you need to speak to your soul today?

Master Physician, thank You for being with me in every trial and
battle. Because of Your promised presence, I will direct my soul to
act bravely.
