https://odb.org/2019/06/17/stick-figure-lesson/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Stick-Figure Lesson

What we are in our letters when we are absent, we will be in our
actions when we are present.
2 Corinthians 10:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Corinthians 10:1–11

A friend of mine—okay, it was my counselor—drew a stick figure on a
sheet of paper. She labeled this the “private” self. Then she drew an
outline around the figure, about a half-inch larger, and named it the
“public” self. The difference between the two figures, between the
private and public selves, represents the degree to which we have
integrity.

I paused at her lesson and wondered, Am I the same person in public
that I am in private? Do I have integrity?

Paul wrote letters to the church in Corinth, weaving love and
discipline into his teachings to be like Jesus. As he neared the end
of this letter (2 Corinthians), he addressed accusers who challenged
his integrity by saying he was bold in his letters but weak in person
(10:10). These critics used professional oratory to take money from
their listeners. While Paul possessed academic prowess, he spoke
simply and plainly. “My message and my preaching were not with wise
and persuasive words,” he had written in an earlier letter, “but with
a demonstration of the Spirit’s power” (1 Corinthians 2:4). His later
letter revealed his integrity: “Such people should realize that what
we are in our letters when we are absent, we will be in our actions
when we are present” (2 Corinthians 10:11).

Paul presented himself as the same person in public that he was in
private. How about us?

By:  Elisa Morgan

Reflect & Pray

In what ways are you integrating your private and public life? How
might you honor God even more fully with complete integrity?

Dear God, help me to be myself first to You in private, that I might
present myself with integrity as the same person in public.
