http://odb.org/2012/05/04/the-wright-stuff/

The Wright Stuff

Let birds fly above the earth across the face of the firmament of the
heavens. —
Genesis 1:20

Today's Scripture: Genesis 1:1-23

On September 29, 1909, a young man took flight in a strange
contraption that resembled a huge box kite. As he gained altitude, the
pilot manipulated the levers so he could fly over New York Harbor.
People looked up in amazement. In the harbor, boats celebrated by
sounding their steam whistles. Crowds near the Statue of Liberty
exploded with cheers at the sight of Wilbur Wright taking a flight
into the heavens.

Wilbur’s brother Orville, who had piloted the first airplane flight 6
years earlier, reflected on their inspiration to fly: “The desire to
fly is an idea handed down to us by our ancestors who . . . looked
enviously on the birds soaring freely through space, at full speed,
above all obstacles, on the infinite highway of the air.” The Wright
brothers spent a great deal of time studying birds in flight before
designing their planes.

In Genesis we read that “in the beginning God created the heavens and
the earth” (1:1), and He said, “Let birds fly above the earth across
the face of the firmament of the heavens” (v.20). We applaud the
inventiveness of the Wright brothers. Yet, the Creator, who made
creatures capable of flight in the first place, deserves the ultimate
glory—for the birds and for every other creation He has made!

By:  Dennis Fisher

Reflect & Pray

Field and forest, vale and mountain, Flow’ry meadow, flashing sea,
Soaring bird and flowing fountain Call us to rejoice in Thee. —van
Dyke

The design of creation points to the Master Designer.
