http://odb.org/2014/11/29/happy-ending-2/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Happy Ending

I saw a new heaven and a new earth. —
Revelation 21:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: Revelation 21:1-7

In its “plot,” the story of the Bible ends up very much where it
began. The broken relationship between God and human beings has healed
over at last, and the curse of Genesis 3 is lifted. Borrowing images
from Eden, Revelation pictures a river and a tree of life (Rev.
22:1-2). But this time a great city replaces the garden setting—a city
filled with worshipers of God. No death or sadness will ever darken
that scene. When we awake in the new heaven and new earth, we will
have at last a happy ending.

Heaven is not an afterthought or an optional belief. It is the final
justification of all creation. The Bible never belittles human tragedy
and disappointment—is any book more painfully honest?—but it does add
one key word: temporary. What we feel now, we will not always feel.
The time for re-creation will come.

For people who feel trapped in pain or in a broken home, in economic
misery or in fear—for all of us—heaven promises a timeless future of
health and wholeness and pleasure and peace. The Bible begins with the
promise of a Redeemer in the book of Genesis (3:15) and ends with that
same promise (Rev. 21:1-7)—a guarantee of future reality. The end will
be the beginning.

By:  Philip Yancey

Reflect & Pray

Beyond earth’s sorrows, the joys of heaven; Eternal blessings with
Christ my Lord; Earth’s weeping ended, earth’s trials over, Sweet rest
in Jesus, O blest reward! —Gilmore

The gains of heaven will more than compensate us for the losses of
earth.
