https://odb.org/2020/04/16/taste-and-read/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Hungry for God

When your words came, I ate them; they were my joy and my heart’s
delight.
Jeremiah 15:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: Jeremiah 15:15–21

A new believer in Jesus was desperate to read the Bible. However, he’d
lost his eyesight and both hands in an explosion. When he heard about
a woman who read Braille with her lips, he tried to do the same—only
to discover that the nerve endings of his lips had also been
destroyed. Later, he was filled with joy when he discovered that he
could feel the Braille characters with his tongue! He had found a way
to read and enjoy the Scriptures.

Joy and delight were the emotions the prophet Jeremiah experienced
when he received God’s words. “When your words came, I ate them,” he
said, “they were my joy and my heart’s delight” (Jeremiah 15:16).
Unlike the people of Judah who despised His words (8:9), Jeremiah had
been obedient and rejoiced in them. His obedience, however, also led
to the prophet being rejected by his own people and persecuted
unfairly (15:17).

Some of us may have experienced something similar. We once read the
Bible with joy, but obedience to God led to suffering and rejection
from others. Like Jeremiah, we can bring our confusion to God. He
answered Jeremiah by repeating the promise He gave him when He first
called him to be a prophet (vv. 19-21; see 1:18–19). God reminded him
that He never lets His people down. We can have this same confidence
too. He’s faithful and will never abandon us.

By:  Poh Fang Chia

Reflect & Pray

When have you experienced joy in reading the Scriptures? What can help
you regain your hunger and thirst for God?

Faithful God, thank You for speaking to me through the words of the
Bible. Help me to seek You earnestly and to obey You faithfully.
