https://odb.org/2019/07/29/all-for-nothing/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

All for Nothing

Her house is a highway to the grave, leading down to the chambers of
death.
Proverbs 7:27

Today's Scripture & Insight: Proverbs 7:10–27

Heroin addiction is poignantly tragic. Users build tolerance, so
larger hits are required for the same high. Soon the dosage they seek
is more than enough to kill them. When addicts hear someone has died
from an exceptionally strong batch, their first thought may not be
fear but “Where can I get that?”

C. S. Lewis warned of this downward spiral in Screwtape Letters, his
imaginative look at a demon’s explanation of the art of temptation.
Start with some pleasure—if possible one of God’s good pleasures—and
offer it in a way God has forbidden. Once the person bites, give less
of it while enticing him to want more. Provide “an ever increasing
craving for an ever diminishing pleasure,” until finally we “get the
man’s soul and give him nothing in return.”

Proverbs 7 illustrates this devastating cycle with the temptation of
sexual sin. Sex is God’s good gift, but when we seek its enjoyment
outside of marriage we’re “like an ox going to the slaughter” (v. 22).
People stronger than us have destroyed themselves by pursuing highs
that are harmful, so “pay attention” and “do not let your heart turn
to [wrongful] ways” (vv. 24–25). Sin can be alluring and
addicting, but it always ends in death (v. 27). By avoiding—in God’s
strength—the temptation to sin, we can find true joy and fulfillment
in Him.

By:  Mike Wittmer

Reflect & Pray

When and where do you face temptations? How can you seek God’s wisdom
and help in turning from them?

Holy Spirit, I know that I am powerless in myself to resist
temptation. I need You. Help me. For more on overcoming addiction,
see When We Just Can't Stop at discoveryseries.org/cb961.
