https://odb.org/2020/10/18/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Listening Beyond the Stars

Seek the Lord while he may be found.
Isaiah 55:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 55:1–7

Imagine life without mobile phones, Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth devices, or
microwave ovens. That’s the way it is in the little town of Green
Bank, West Virginia, known as “the quietest town in America.” It’s
also the location of the Green Bank Observatory, the world’s largest
steerable radio telescope. The telescope needs “quiet” to “listen” to
naturally occurring radio waves emitted by the movement of pulsars and
galaxies in deep space. It has a surface area larger than a football
field and stands in the center of the National Radio Quiet Zone, a
13,000-square-mile area established to prevent electronic interference
to the telescope’s extreme sensitivity.

This intentional quiet enables scientists to hear “the music of the
spheres.” It also reminds me of our need to quiet ourselves enough to
listen to the One who created the universe. God communicated to a
wayward and distracted people through the prophet Isaiah, “Give ear
and come to me; listen, that you may live. I will make an everlasting
covenant with you” (Isaiah 55:3). God promises His faithful love to
all who will seek Him and turn to Him for forgiveness.

We listen intentionally to God by turning from our distractions to
meet Him in Scripture and in prayer. God isn’t distant. He longs for
us to make time for Him so He can be the priority of our daily lives
and then for eternity.

By:  James Banks

Reflect & Pray

Why is listening to God so vital in your life? In what ways do you
plan to take time for Him?

Help me to be quiet before You today, loving God, even if it’s only
for a moment! Nothing matters more than being with You!
