http://odb.org/2010/07/04/true-freedom-2/

True Freedom

Stand fast therefore in the liberty by which Christ has made us free.
—
Galatians 5:1

Today's Scripture: Galatians 4:21–5:1

In 1776, the 13 British colonies in North America protested the
limitations placed on them by the king of England and engaged in a
struggle that gave birth to a brand-new republic. The infant nation
soon adopted that now-famous document known as the Declaration of
Independence.

Almost 2,000 years ago, the Lord Jesus cried out on the cross, “It is
finished,” proclaiming the believer’s “declaration of independence.”
All of humanity was under the tyranny of sin and death. But Christ,
the sinless One, took our place on Calvary and died for our sins.
Having satisfied God’s righteous demands, He now sets free for
eternity all who trust in Him.

Paul wrote, “Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law, having
become a curse for us” (Gal. 3:13). Romans 8 assures us, “There is
therefore now no condemnation to those who are in Christ Jesus . . . .
For the law of the Spirit of life in Christ Jesus has made me free
from the law of sin and death” (vv.1-2). Galatians 5:1 urges all who
have been redeemed to “stand fast therefore in the liberty by which
Christ has made us free.”

We are thankful to God for any freedom we enjoy in a nation. But above
all, believers everywhere can praise Him for the freedom that is found
in Christ!

By:  Richard DeHaan

Reflect & Pray

Now are we free—there’s no condemnation! Jesus provides a perfect
salvation; “Come unto Me,” O hear His sweet call! Come—and He saves us
once for all. —Bliss

Our greatest freedom is freedom from sin.
