http://odb.org/2015/06/25/worth-it-all/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Worth It All

What you sow is not made alive unless it dies. —
1 Corinthians 15:36

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Corinthians 15:30-38

By the end of the 4th century, followers of Christ were no longer
being fed to the lions for the entertainment of Roman citizens. But
the games of death continued until the day one man jumped out of the
crowd in a bold attempt to keep two gladiators from killing each
other.

His name was Telemachus. As a desert monk, he had come to Rome for the
holidays only to find himself unable to tolerate the bloodlust of this
popular pastime. According to the 5th-century bishop and church
historian Theodoret, Telemachus cried out for the violence to stop but
was stoned to death by the crowd. The Emperor Honorius heard about his
courageous act and ordered an end to the games.

Some may question Telemachus. Was his action the only way to protest a
tragic blood sport? The apostle Paul asked a similar question of
himself: “Why do we stand in jeopardy every hour?” (1 Cor. 15:30). In
2 Corinthians 11:22-33, he chronicled some of his travails for the
love of Christ, many of which could have killed him. Had it all been
worth it?

In Paul’s mind the matter was settled. Trading things that will soon
come to an end for honor that will last forever is a good investment.
In the resurrection, a life that has been lived in behalf of Christ
and others is seed for an eternity we will never regret.

By:  Mart DeHaan

Reflect & Pray

Give us courage, Father, to make and live by choices that show the
difference the love of Jesus makes in our lives. Help us not to trade
away eternal values for convenience and comfort.

Now is the time to invest in eternity.
