http://odb.org/2015/08/08/unpredictable/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Unpredictable

Be still, and know that I am God; I will be exalted among the nations,
I will be exalted in the earth!
Psalm 46:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 46

In the 2003 US Women’s Open, the relatively unknown Hilary Lunke
secured the greatest prize in women’s golf—and a place in history. Not
only did she win the US Open in an 18-hole playoff, but it was also
her only professional victory. Her surprising and inspiring win
underscores the fact that one of the most exciting things about sports
is its unpredictability.

The unpredictability of life is not always so thrilling, however. We
devise and strategize. We make plans, projections, and proposals about
what we would like to see happen in life, but often they are little
more than our best guess. We have no idea what a year, a month, a
week, or even a day might bring. So we pray and plan, and then we
trust the God who knows fully and completely what we can never
predict. That is why I love the promise of Psalm 46:10: “Be still, and
know that I am God; I will be exalted among the nations, I will be
exalted in the earth!”

Life is unpredictable. There are countless things I can never know
with certainty. What I can know, however, is that there is a God who
knows all and loves me deeply. And by knowing Him, I can “be still”—I
can be at peace.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

What plans do I need to surrender to God today? For further study,
read It’s Not Fair: Trusting God When Life Doesn’t Make Sense at
discoveryseries.org/q0719

God’s care is the certainty we take into life’s uncertainties.
