http://odb.org/2014/10/06/a-faithful-helper/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Faithful Helper

The Lord is with me as a mighty, awesome One. —
Jeremiah 20:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: Jeremiah 20:7-13

As a young boy, my father had to deliver slop to hungry pigs on the
farm where he grew up. He hated this job because the hogs would knock
him over when he entered their pen. This task might have been
impossible except for a faithful helper who accompanied my dad—a
German shepherd named Sugarbear. She would maneuver herself between my
father and the pigs and hold them back until my dad finished his
chore.

The prophet Jeremiah had the difficult job of proclaiming God’s
messages to the Israelites. This required him to endure physical
abuse, verbal attacks, imprisonment, and isolation. Although Jeremiah
struggled with deep discouragement, he had a Helper through all of his
trouble. God promised him, “I am with you . . . to deliver you” (Jer.
1:19).

God did not desert Jeremiah, and He will not desert us. We have His
continual aid through the power of the Spirit who lives inside every
believer (John 14:16-17). The Helper gives us hope (Rom. 15:13),
steers us toward spiritual truth (John 16:13), and pours out God’s
love in our hearts (Rom. 5:5). We can trust that God faithfully helps
us as we endure hardship. We can say with Jeremiah, “The Lord is with
me as a mighty, awesome One” (Jer. 20:11).

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

You, God, have been our help forever. And You are our hope now and
into eternity. We thank You that You will never desert us. You will be
faithful.

Our greatest hope here below is help from God above.
