https://odb.org/2019/11/04/no-longer-afraid/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

No Longer Afraid

They will eat and lie down and no one will make them afraid.
Zephaniah 3:13

Today's Scripture & Insight: Zephaniah 3:9–17

When the Ethiopian police found her a week after her abduction, three
black-maned lions surrounded her, guarding her as though she
were their own. Seven men had kidnapped the twelve-year-old girl,
carried her into the woods and beaten her. Miraculously, however, a
small pride of lions heard the girl’s cries, came running and chased
off the attackers. “[The lions] stood guard until we found her and
then they just left her like a gift and went back into the forest,”
police Sergeant Wondimu told one reporter.

There are days when violence and evil, like that inflicted on this
young girl, overpower us, leaving us without hope and terrified. In
ancient times, the people of Judah experienced this. They were overrun
by ferocious armies and unable to imagine any possibility of escape.
Fear consumed them. However, God always renewed His unrelenting
presence with His people: “The Lord , the King of Israel, is with you;
never again will you fear any harm” (Zephaniah 3:15). Even when our
catastrophes result from our own rebellion, God still comes to our
rescue. “The Lord your God is with you,” we hear, “the Mighty Warrior
who saves” (v. 17).

Whatever troubles overtake us, whatever evils, Jesus—the Lion of
Judah—is with us (Revelation 5:5). No matter how alone we feel, our
strong Savior is with us. No matter what fears ravage us, our God
assures us that He is by our side.

By:  Winn Collier

Reflect & Pray

What is your greatest fear right now? How does God’s promise to be
with you encourage you?

Mighty Warrior God, I need You. I need a Mighty Warrior to stand with
me and overwhelm my fears. I’m choosing to trust You.
