http://odb.org/2015/02/28/catching-up-with-us/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Catching Up With Us

When I kept silent, my bones grew old through my groaning. —
Psalm 32:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 32:1-5

A pastor told this story on himself in his local newspaper. He was
chatting with an older man to whom he had just been introduced. “So,
you used to work for a utility company,” the pastor said, naming the
organization. “Sure did,” the man responded. The pastor remarked that
when he was a kid the cables from that company ran across his parents’
property. “Where did you live?” the man asked. When the pastor told
him, the man said, “I remember that property. I had a tough time
keeping the cable warning signs up. Kids were always shooting them
down.” When the pastor’s face flushed with embarrassment, the man
said, “You were one of the shooters, weren’t you?” And indeed he was.

The pastor labeled his confessional story: “Be sure your signs will
find you out,” a clever play on Moses’ words in Numbers 32:23: “Be
sure your sin will find you out.”

Old wrongs have a way of catching up with us. And old sins that have
not been dealt with can lead to serious consequences. As David laments
in Psalm 32: “When I kept silent, my bones grew old.” But confessing
our wrong restores our fellowship with the Lord: “I acknowledged my
sin to You . . . and You forgave the iniquity of my sin” (v.5).
Through confession, we can enjoy God’s forgiveness.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

Dear Lord, it’s time to come clean with You. I’ve held on to
_____________ for too long. Thank You that this sin is under the blood
of Christ. Restore me to fellowship with You.

Christians can erase from their memory what God has erased from the
record.
