https://odb.org/2020/10/29/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Truck Driver’s Hands

We have different gifts, . . . if it is to show mercy, do it
cheerfully.
Romans 12:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 12:3–8

The news came as a shock. Having already survived prostate cancer, my
father had now been diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. To complicate
matters, my father is my mother’s full-time caregiver, attending to
her own chronic illnesses. With both parents needing care, there would
be some difficult days ahead.

After flying home to be with them, I visited my parents’ church one
Sunday. There, a man named Helmut approached me, saying he’d like to
help. Two days later, Helmut visited our home with a checklist.
“You’ll need some meals when the chemotherapy starts,” he said. “I’ll
arrange a cooking roster. What about the mowing? I can do that. And
what day is your rubbish collected?” Helmut was a retired truck
driver, but to us he became an angel. We discovered he often helped
others—single mothers, the homeless, the elderly.

While believers in Jesus are called to help others (Luke 10:25–37),
some have a special capacity to do so. The apostle Paul calls it the
gift of mercy (Romans 12:8). People with this gift spot needs, rally
practical assistance, and can serve over time without getting
overwhelmed. Moved by the Holy Spirit, they’re the hands of the body
of Christ, reaching out to touch our wounds (vv. 4–5).

Dad recently had his first day of chemotherapy. Helmut drove him to
the hospital. That night my parents’ fridge was full of meals.

God’s mercy through a truck driver’s hands.

By:  Sheridan Voysey

Reflect & Pray

What spiritual gifts do you have? (If unsure, check out Romans 12:3–8;
1 Corinthians 12; and Ephesians 4:7–13.) How are you using them to
serve others?

Heavenly Father, help me to be filled with Your mercy, so that I might
serve those in need powerfully and cheerfully, revealing who You are.
