http://odb.org/2015/08/30/verify-the-truth/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Verify the Truth

[The Bereans] searched the Scriptures daily to find out whether these
things were so.
Acts 17:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: Acts 17:10-13

“A deadly jungle spider has migrated to the US and is killing people.”
This was the story sent to me and to others on my friend’s email list.
The story sounded plausible—lots of scientific names and real-life
situations. But when I checked it out on reliable websites, I found it
was not true—it was an Internet hoax. Its truth could only be verified
by consulting a trusted source.

A group of first-century believers living in Macedonia understood the
importance of confirming what they were hearing. The folks in Berea
“received the word with all readiness, and searched the Scriptures
daily to find out whether these things were so” (Acts 17:11). They
were listening to Paul, and wanted to make sure what he was saying
lined up with the teachings of the Old Testament. Perhaps he was
telling them that there was evidence in the Old Testament that the
Messiah would suffer and die for sin. They needed to verify that with
the source.

When we hear spiritual ideas that disturb us, we need to be cautious.
We can search the Scriptures for ourselves, listen to trustworthy
sources, and seek wisdom from Jesus, our Lord.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

Please give us discernment, Lord, to accept only truth that is rooted
in Your Word. We praise You for preserving the inspired Scriptures for
us—now help us to use them to seek You. For help in understanding and
applying the Bible, read A Message for All Time at
discoveryseries.org/hp142

God’s truth stands any test.
