http://odb.org/2010/08/04/out-of-orbit/

Out Of Orbit

O God, You are my God; early will I seek You; my soul thirsts for You;
my flesh longs for You in a dry and thirsty land where there is no
water. —
Psalm 63:1

Today's Scripture: Psalm 63

I still find it amazing that we can launch probes into deep space. But
think of how wasteful it would be if on the way to Mars our probe got
caught in the gravitational pull of a lesser, insignificant object.
Beware! That might be happening in our lives.

When Jesus called His disciples to follow Him, He meant for them to
begin a journey to passionately pursue Him. Followers of Christ have
been launched into a trajectory that is defined by drawing closer and
closer to Him. But in the process, we are often distracted and succumb
to the gravitational pull of lesser, alluring things. When that
happens, we cease our pursuit of Him and go into orbit around stuff
that in the end is empty and unsatisfying.

Psalm 63 is the cure for lives stuck in orbit. David pursued God,
knowing that He alone could satisfy his inner longings because His
“lovingkindness is better than life” (v.3). The joy of God’s presence
consumed every moment: “When I remember You on my bed, I meditate on
You in the night watches” (v.6). David understood that true joy and
purpose come not in admiring God from a safe distance, but from
chasing hard after Him.

Let’s get back on track and pursue an increasingly closer walk with
God!

By:  Joe Stowell

Reflect & Pray

To walk in fellowship with Christ And sense His love so deep and true
Brings to the soul its highest joy As nothing in this world can do.
—D. De Haan

The closer you walk with God, the less room for anything to come
between.
