https://odb.org/2019/11/15/aiming-for-the-prize/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Aiming for the Prize

Run in such a way as to get the prize.
1 Corinthians 9:24

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Corinthians 9:19–27

In the 1994 fictional movie Forrest Gump, Forrest becomes famous for
running. What began as a jog “to the end of the road” continued for
three years, two months, fourteen days, and sixteen hours. Each time
he arrived at his destination, he set another one and continued to
run, zig-zagging across the United States, until one day when he no
longer felt like it. “Feeling like it” was the way his running began.
Forrest says, “That day, for no particular reason, I decided to go for
a little run.”

In contrast to Forrest’s seemingly whimsical running, the apostle Paul
asks his readers to follow his example and “run in such a way as to
get the prize” (1 Corinthians 9:24). Like disciplined athletes, our
running—the way we live our lives—might mean saying no to some of our
pleasures. Being willing to forgo our rights might help us reach
others with the good news of our rescue from sin and death.

With our hearts and minds trained on the goal of inviting others to
run the race alongside us, we are also assured of the ultimate
prize—eternal fellowship with God. The victor’s crown God bestows will
last forever; we win it by running our lives with the aim of making
Him known while relying on His strength to do so. What a reason to
run!

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

What is your “aim” in life? How is it similar to or different than
Paul’s?

Jesus, help me stay focused on the reason I run: to share about You
with those around me.
