https://odb.org/2020/07/25/plod-on/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=f
eed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Plod On!

“Am I not sending you?”
Judges 6:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: Judges 6:7–16

God loves to use people the world might overlook. William Carey was
raised in a tiny village in the 1700s and had little formal education.
He had limited success in his chosen trade and lived in poverty. But
God gave him a passion for sharing the good news and called him to be
a missionary. Carey learned Greek, Hebrew, and Latin and eventually
translated the first New Testament into the Bengali language. Today he
is regarded as a “father of modern missions,” but in a letter to his
nephew he offered this humble assessment of his abilities: “I can
plod. I can persevere.”

When God calls us to a task, He also gives us strength to accomplish
it regardless of our limitations. In Judges 6:12 the angel of the Lord
appeared to Gideon and said, “The Lord is with you, mighty warrior.”
The angel then told him to rescue Israel from the Midianites who were
raiding their towns and crops. But Gideon, who hadn’t earned the title
of “mighty warrior,” humbly responded, “How can I save Israel? . . . I
am the least in my family” (v. 15). Still, God used Gideon to set His
people free.

The key to Gideon’s success was in the words, “the Lord is with you”
(v. 12). As we humbly walk with our Savior and rely on His strength,
He will empower us to accomplish what’s only possible through Him.

By:  James Banks

Reflect & Pray

What’s God calling you to do that you can’t do in your own strength?
How can you rely on His power today?

Thank You for empowering me, my Savior and my strength! Please help me
to follow You closely.
