https://odb.org/2017/03/01/all-of-me/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium
=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

All of Me

Offer your bodies as a living sacrifice, holy and pleasing to God—this
is your true and proper worship.
Romans 12:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 27:45–54

Young Isaac Watts found the music in his church sadly lacking, and his
father challenged him to create something better. Isaac did. His hymn
“When I Survey the Wondrous Cross” has been called the greatest in the
English language and has been translated into many other languages.

Watts’s worshipful third verse ushers us into the presence of Christ
at the crucifixion.

See from His head, His hands, His feet, Sorrow and love flow mingled
down. Did e’er such love and sorrow meet Or thorns compose so rich a
crown?

The crucifixion Watts describes so elegantly stands as history’s most
awful moment. We do well to pause and stand with those around the
cross. The Son of God strains for breath, held by crude spikes driven
through His flesh. After tortured hours, a supernatural darkness
descends. Finally, mercifully, the Lord of the universe dismisses His
anguished spirit. An earthquake rattles the landscape. Back in the
city the thick temple curtain rips in half. Graves open, and dead
bodies resurrect, walking about the city (Matt. 27:51–53). These
events compel the centurion who crucified Jesus to say, “Surely he was
the Son of God!” (v. 54).

“The Cross reorders all values and cancels all vanities,” says the
Poetry Foundation in commenting on Watts’s poem. The song could only
conclude: “Love so amazing, so divine demands my soul, my life, my
all.”

By:  Tim Gustafson

This article may not have a prayer section.




