https://odb.org/2018/08/02/healing-flood/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Healing Flood

He turned the desert into pools of water and the parched ground into
flowing springs.
Psalm 107:35

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 107:1–16, 35–36

I’ve always loved a good thunderstorm. As kids, whenever a storm was
truly incredible—with booming thunder and buckets of heavy rain
pounding down—my siblings and I would make a mad dash around the
outside of our house, slipping and sliding along the way. When it was
time to go back inside, we were soaked to the bone.

It was an exhilarating taste—for just a few minutes—of being immersed
in something so powerful we couldn’t quite tell whether we were having
fun or terrified.

This picture comes to mind when, as in Psalm 107, Scripture compares
God’s restoration to a barren wilderness transformed into “pools of
water” (v. 35). Because the kind of storm that transforms a desert
into an oasis isn’t a gentle shower—it’s a downpour, flooding every
crack of parched ground with new life.

And isn’t that the kind of restoration we long for? When our stories
feel like tales of aimless wandering because we are “hungry and
thirsty”—starving—for healing that never seems to arrive (vv. 4–5), we
need more than a bit of hope. And when deep-rooted patterns of sin
leave us trapped “in utter darkness” (vv. 10–11), our hearts need more
than a little change.

That’s exactly the kind of transformation our God can bring (v. 20).
It’s never too late to bring our fears and shame to the One who’s more
than able to break our chains and flood our darkness with His light
(vv. 13–14).

By:  Monica La Rose

Reflect & Pray

Father, help us turn to You with our burdens, trusting Your love and
power to write a new story of healing and transformation.

God’s power transforms.
