https://odb.org/2019/03/26/fluff-and-other-stuff/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

Fluff and Other Stuff

They did not listen to him because of their discouragement and harsh
labor.
Exodus 6:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: Exodus 6:1–9

Winnie the Pooh famously said, “If the person you are talking to
doesn’t appear to be listening, be patient. It may simply be that he
has a small piece of fluff in his ear.”

I’ve learned over the years that Winnie might be on to something. When
someone won’t listen to you even though following your counsel would
be to their advantage, it may be that their reticence is nothing more
than a small piece of fluff in their ear. Or there may be another
hindrance: Some folks find it hard to listen well because they’re
broken and discouraged.

Moses said he spoke to the people of Israel but they didn’t listen
because their spirits were broken and their lives were hard (Exodus
6:9). The word discouragement in the Hebrew text is literally “short
of breath,” the result of their bitter enslavement in Egypt. That
being the case, Israel’s reluctance to listen to Moses’s instruction
called for understanding and compassion, not censure.

What should we do when others won’t listen? Winnie the Pooh’s words
enshrine wisdom: “Be patient.” God says, “Love is patient, love is
kind” (1 Corinthians 13:4); it’s willing to wait. He’s not finished
with that individual. He’s working through their sorrow, our love, and
our prayers. Perhaps, in His time, He’ll open their ears to hear. Just
be patient.

By:  David H. Roper

Reflect & Pray

What can you learn about your relationship with God from those who
won’t listen to you? How do love and patience fit together in a loving
relationship?

Be patient. God isn’t finished with us yet.
