http://odb.org/2016/04/17/chameleon-crawl/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Chameleon Crawl

Every day they continued to meet together.
Acts 2:46

Today's Scripture & Insight: Acts 2:42-47

When we think of the chameleon, we probably think of its ability to
change color according to its surroundings. But this lizard has
another interesting characteristic. On several occasions I’ve watched
a chameleon walk along a pathway and wondered how it ever reached its
destination. Reluctantly, the chameleon stretches out one leg, seems
to change its mind, attempts again, and then carefully plants a
hesitant foot, as if afraid the ground will collapse under it. That
was why I couldn’t help laughing when I heard someone say, “Do not be
a chameleon church member who says, ‘Let me go to church today; no,
let me go next week; no, let me wait for a while!’”

“The house of the Lord” at Jerusalem was King David’s place of
worship, and he was far from being a “chameleon” worshiper. Rather, he
rejoiced with those who said, “Let us go to the house of the Lord”
(Ps. 122:1). The same was true for believers in the early church.
“They devoted themselves to the apostles’ teaching and to fellowship,
to the breaking of bread and to prayer. . . . Every day they continued
to meet together in the temple courts” (Acts 2:42, 46).

What a joy it is to join with others in worship and fellowship!
Praying and worshiping together, studying the Scriptures together, and
caring for one another are essential for our spiritual growth and
unity as believers.

By:  Lawrence Darmani

Reflect & Pray

Before our Father’s throne we pour our ardent prayers; our fears, our
hopes, our aims are one, our comforts and our cares. John Fawcett

Worshiping together brings strength and joy.
