http://odb.org/2016/02/23/a-better-view/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Better View

Because he was short he could not see over the crowd.
Luke 19:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 19:1-10

As a child, I loved to climb trees. The higher I climbed, the more I
could see. Occasionally, in search of a better view, I might inch out
along a branch until I felt it bend under my weight. Not surprisingly,
my tree-climbing days are over. I suppose it isn’t very safe—or
dignified.

Zacchaeus, a wealthy man, set aside his dignity (and perhaps ignored
his safety) when he climbed a tree one day in Jericho. Jesus was
traveling through the city, and Zacchaeus wanted to get a look at Him.
However, “because he was short he could not see over the crowd” (Luke
19:3). Fortunately, those things did not stop him from seeing and even
talking with Christ. Zacchaeus’s plan worked! And when he met Jesus,
his life was changed forever. “Salvation has come to this house,”
Jesus said (v. 9).

We too can be prevented from seeing Jesus. Pride can blind us from
seeing Him as the Wonderful Counselor. Anxiety keeps us from knowing
Him as the Prince of Peace (Isa. 9:6). Hunger for status and stuff can
prevent us from seeing Him as the true source of satisfaction—the
Bread of Life (John 6:48).

What are you willing to do to get a better view of Jesus? Any sincere
effort to get closer to Him will have a good result. God rewards
people who earnestly seek Him (Heb. 11:6).

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

Thank You Jesus for all that You are. Show me more of Yourself as I
read the Bible and pray. Help me to pursue You with all of my heart
and mind.

To strengthen your faith in God, seek the face of God.
