https://odb.org/2020/12/16/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Christmas Awe

Let all God’s angels worship him.
Hebrews 1:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: Hebrews 1:1–9

I was in London one night for a meeting. It was pouring rain, and I
was late. I rushed through the streets, turned a corner, and then
stopped still. Dozens of angels hovered above Regent Street, their
giant shimmering wings stretching across the traffic. Made of
thousands of pulsing lights, it was the most amazing Christmas display
I’d seen. I wasn’t the only one captivated. Hundreds lined the street,
gazing up in awe.

Awe is central to the Christmas story. When the angel appeared to Mary
explaining she would miraculously conceive (Luke 1:26–38), and to the
shepherds announcing Jesus’ birth (2:8–20), each reacted with fear,
wonder—and awe. Looking around at that Regent Street crowd, I wondered
if we were experiencing in part what those first angelic encounters
felt like.

A moment later, I noticed something else. Some of the angels had their
arms raised, as if they too were gazing up at something. Like the
angelic choir that burst into song at the mention of Jesus (vv.
13–14), it seems angels too can be caught up in awe—as they gaze on
Him.

“The Son is the radiance of God’s glory and the exact representation
of his being” (Hebrews 1:3). Bright and luminous, Jesus is the focus
of every angel’s gaze (v. 6). If an angel-themed Christmas display can
stop busy Londoners in their tracks, just imagine the moment when we
see Him face-to-face.

By:  Sheridan Voysey

Reflect & Pray

When was the last time you felt a sense of awe? How can you rekindle a
sense of awe over Jesus this Christmastime?

Father, I worship You. Thank You for the gift of Your awesome Son.
