http://odb.org/2016/07/08/our-chief-task/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Our Chief Task

I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father
except through me.
John 14:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 7:12–23

When a British scholar called on the world’s religions to work
together for worldwide unity, people everywhere applauded. Pointing
out that the major religions share a belief in the Golden Rule, she
suggested, “The chief task of our time is to build a global society
where people of all persuasions can live together in peace and
harmony.”

Jesus cited the Golden Rule in His Sermon on the Mount: “Do to others
what you would have them do to you” (Matt. 7:12). In the same sermon,
He said, “Love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you”
(5:44). Putting those radical commands into practice would indeed go a
long way toward peace and harmony. But immediately following the
Golden Rule, Jesus called for discernment. “Watch out for false
prophets,” He warned. “They come to you in sheep’s clothing, but
inwardly they are ferocious wolves” (7:15).

Respect for others and discernment of the truth go hand in hand. If we
have the truth, we have a message worth telling. But God extends to
everyone the freedom to choose Him or reject Him. Our responsibility
is to lovingly present the truth and respect the personal choice of
others just as God does.

Our respect for others is vital to winning their respect. It’s an
important step in gaining an opportunity to convey the message of
Jesus, who said, “I am the way and the truth and the life” (John
14:6).

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Father in heaven, help us to see each individual as uniquely made in
Your image and worthy of our love and respect. Show Your love through
our lives in some small way today.

Love people; love the truth.
