http://odb.org/2013/04/07/i-l-o-v-e/

I L-O-V-E . . .

Now if we died with Christ, we believe that we shall also live with
Him. —
Romans 6:8

Today's Scripture: Romans 6:1-11

My husband and I were at a public swimming pool when the people around
us started staring into the sky. A small plane was emitting smoke in
the form of letters. As we watched, the pilot spelled out the letters:
“I L-O-V-E.” People began speculating: Maybe it was to be a marriage
proposal. Perhaps a romantic man is standing nearby on a balcony with
his girlfriend and will soon pop the Will-you-marry-me? question. We
kept gazing upward: “I L-O-V-E Y-O-U J-E-.” I heard young girls
guessing: “I bet it will be Jen or maybe Jessica.” He kept spelling.
No. It was: “J-E-S-U-S.” The pilot was declaring love for Jesus for
many people to see.

A friend of mine often ends his prayers with “I love You, Lord.” He
says, “I can’t help but say ‘I love You’ after all He’s done for me.”
In Romans 6:1-11, our Bible text for today, the apostle Paul tells us
some of what Jesus has done for us that deserves our love: He was
crucified, buried, and raised to life. Because of that, those of us
who have put our faith in Jesus now have a new life (v.4), we no
longer have to be controlled by sin or fear of death (vv.6,9), and one
day we too will be resurrected to live with Him forever (v.8).

No wonder we say, “I love You, Jesus!”

By:  Anne Cetas

Reflect & Pray

Redeemed—how I love to proclaim it! Redeemed by the blood of the Lamb;
Redeemed through His infinite mercy— His child, and forever, I am.
—Crosby

To show His love, Jesus died for us; to show our love, we live for
Him.
