https://odb.org/2020/05/05/strength-for-the-journey-2/?utm_source=feed
burner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Br
ead%29

Strength for the Journey

All at once an angel touched him and said, “Get up and eat.”
1 Kings 19:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Kings 19:1–9

One summer, I faced what seemed an impossible task—a big writing
project with a looming deadline. Having spent day after day on my own,
endeavoring to get the words onto the page, I felt exhausted and
discouraged, and I wanted to give up. A wise friend asked me, “When’s
the last time you felt refreshed? Maybe you need to allow yourself to
rest and to enjoy a good meal.”

I knew immediately that she was right. Her advice made me think of
Elijah and the terrifying message he received from Jezebel (1 Kings
19:2)—although, of course, my writing project wasn’t anywhere near the
cosmic scale of the prophet’s experience. After Elijah triumphed over
the false prophets on Mount Carmel, Jezebel sent word that she would
capture and kill him, and he despaired, longing to die. But then he
enjoyed a good sleep and was twice visited by an angel who gave him
food to eat. After God renewed his physical strength, he was able to
continue with his journey.

When the “journey is too much” for us (v. 7), we might need to rest
and enjoy a healthy and satisfying meal. For when we are exhausted or
hungry, we can easily succumb to disappointment or fear. But when God
meets our physical needs through His resources, as much as possible in
this fallen world, we can take the next step in serving Him.

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

Looking back, when have you needed to slow down and receive sustenance
before pressing on? How can you look for signs of burnout as you serve
God?

Creator God, You formed us as Your people. Thank You for our
limitations, which remind us that You’re God and we’re not. Help us to
serve You with gladness and joy.
