https://odb.org/2019/09/01/unchanging/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_mediu
m=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Unchanging

Jesus Christ is the same yesterday and today and forever.
Hebrews 13:8

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 103:13–22

My wife, Cari, and I recently traveled to Santa Barbara,
California—the city where we met and fell in love thirty-five years
ago—to attend our college reunion. We planned to visit several places
where we had spent some of the best hours of our youth together. But
when we arrived at the location of our favorite Mexican restaurant, we
found a building supply store there. A wrought iron plaque hung on the
wall commemorating the restaurant and its four decades of service to
the community.

I gazed on the barren but still familiar sidewalk, once dotted
cheerfully with colorful tables and bright umbrellas. So much had
changed around us! Yet in the midst of change, God’s faithfulness
never changes. David observed poignantly: “The life of mortals is like
grass, they flourish like a flower of the field; the wind blows over
it and it is gone, and its place remembers it no more. But from
everlasting to everlasting the Lord’s love is with those who fear him,
and his righteousness with their children’s children” (Psalm
103:15–17). David concludes the psalm with these words: “Praise the
Lord, my soul” (v. 22).

The ancient philosopher Heraclitus said, “You can never step in the
same river twice.” Life is always changing around us, but God remains
the same and can always be trusted to keep His promises! His
faithfulness and love can be counted on from generation to generation.

By:  James Banks

Reflect & Pray

How is it comforting to know that God never changes? When have you
needed that assurance?

Almighty and eternal God, thank You that You never change and can
always be trusted. Help me to rely on Your love and faithfulness
today.
