https://odb.org/2020/02/20/fruitful/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=
feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Hardest Places

Joseph stored up huge quantities of grain, like the sand of the sea.
Genesis 41:49

Today's Scripture & Insight: Genesis 41:46–52

Geoff is a youth pastor today in the same city where he once abused
heroin. God transformed both his heart and his circumstances in a
breathtaking way. “I want to keep kids from making the same mistakes
and suffering the pain I went through,” Geoff said. “And Jesus will
help them.” Over time, God set him free from the slavery of addiction
and has given him a vital ministry in spite of his past.

God has ways of bringing unexpected good out of situations where hope
seems lost. Joseph was sold into slavery in Egypt and falsely accused
and sent to prison, where he was forgotten for years. But God restored
him and placed him in a position of authority directly under Pharaoh,
where he was able to save many lives—including the lives of his
brothers who’d abandoned him. There in Egypt Joseph married and had
children. He named the second Ephraim (drawn from the Hebrew term for
“twice fruitful”), and gave this reason: “It is because God has made
me fruitful in the land of my suffering” (Genesis 41:52).

Geoff’s and Joseph’s stories, while separated by three to four
thousand years, point to the same unchanging truth: even the hardest
places in our lives can become fertile ground for God to help and
bless many. Our Savior’s love and power never change, and He’s always
faithful to those who trust in Him.

By:  James Banks

Reflect & Pray

When have you seen God bring something good out of difficulty in your
life? How can you use your past problems to encourage others today?

All-powerful Father, I praise You that nothing is too hard for You!
Thank You for Your perfect faithfulness, today and forever.
