https://odb.org/2019/08/23/servants-heart/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Servant’s Heart

Anyone who wants to be first must be the very last, and the servant of
all.
Mark 9:35

Today's Scripture & Insight: Mark 9:33–37

Cook. Event Planner. Nutritionist. Nurse. These are just some of the
responsibilities regularly performed by modern moms. In 2016, research
estimated that moms likely worked between fifty-nine and ninety-six
hours per week doing child-related tasks.

No wonder moms are always exhausted! Being a mom means giving a lot of
time and energy to care for children, who need so much help as they
learn to navigate the world.

When my days feel long and I need a reminder that caring for others is
a worthy pursuit, I find great hope when I see Jesus affirming those
who serve.

In the gospel of Mark, the disciples were having an argument about
which one of them was the greatest. Jesus quietly sat down and
reminded them that “anyone who wants to be first must be the very
last, and the servant of all” (9:35). Then He took a child in His arms
to illustrate the importance of serving others, especially the most
helpless among us (vv. 36–37).

Christ’s response resets the bar for what greatness looks like in His
kingdom. His standard is a heart willing to care for others. And Jesus
has promised that God’s empowering presence will be with those who
choose to serve (v. 37).

As you have opportunities to serve in your family or community, be
encouraged that Jesus greatly values the time and effort you give in
service to others.

By:  Lisa M. Samra

Reflect & Pray

How might you serve someone today? How could you take time to say
“thank you” to someone who has graciously loved and served you?

Jesus, thank You for reminding us of Your loving care for children and
any who are vulnerable. Help us to follow Your example of service.
