https://odb.org/2019/04/23/seeing-the-light/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Seeing the Light

On those living in the land of deep darkness a light has dawned.
Isaiah 9:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 4:12–25

On the streets of Los Angeles, a homeless man struggling with
addictions stepped into The Midnight Mission and asked for help. Thus
began Brian’s long road to recovery.

In the process Brian rediscovered his love for music. Eventually he
joined Street Symphony—a group of music professionals with a heart for
the homeless. They asked Brian to perform a solo from Handel’s Messiah
known as “The People That Walked in Darkness.” In words written by the
prophet Isaiah during a dark period of Israel’s history, he sang, “The
people that walked in darkness have seen a great light: they that
dwell in the land of the shadow of death, upon them hath the light
shined” (Isaiah 9:2 kjv ). A music critic for The New Yorker magazine
wrote that Brian “made the text sound as though it had been taken from
his own life.”

The gospel writer Matthew quoted that same passage. Called by Jesus
from a life of cheating his fellow Israelites, Matthew describes how
Jesus fulfilled Isaiah’s prophecy by taking His salvation “beyond the
Jordan” to “Galilee of the Gentiles” (Matthew 4:13–15).

Who would have believed one of Caesar’s tax collector thugs (see
Matthew 9:9), a street addict like Brian, or people like us would get
a chance to show the difference between light and darkness in our own
lives?

By:  Mart DeHaan

Reflect & Pray

How has the light of Christ affected you? In what ways are you
reflecting it to others?

Father, in the darkness of our lives, please help us see the light of
Your Son, our Lord and Savior.
