http://odb.org/2016/10/09/united-in-christ/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

United in Christ

He appointed twelve that they might be with him and that he might send
them out to preach.
Mark 3:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: Mark 3:13–19

When we come across a list of names in the Bible, we might be tempted
to skip over it. But we can find treasures there, such as in the list
of the twelve apostles whom Jesus called to serve in His name. Many
are familiar—Simon whom Jesus called Peter, the rock. Brothers James
and John, fishermen. Judas Iscariot, the betrayer. But we could easily
overlook that Matthew the tax collector and Simon the Zealot must once
have been enemies.

Matthew collected taxes for Rome, and therefore, in the eyes of his
fellow Jews, collaborated with the enemy. Tax collectors were despised
for their corrupt practices and for requiring the Jewish people to
give money to an authority other than God. On the other hand, before
Jesus’s call, Simon the Zealot was devoted to a group of Jewish
nationalists who hated Rome and sought to overturn it, often through
aggressive and violent means.

Although Matthew and Simon held opposing political beliefs, the
Gospels don’t document them bickering or fighting about them. They
must have had at least some success in leaving their previous
allegiances behind as they followed Christ.

When we too fix our eyes on Jesus, the God who became Man, we can find
increasing unity with our fellow believers through the bond of the
Holy Spirit.

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

Father, Son, and Holy Spirit, You exist in perfect harmony. May Your
Spirit dwell in us that the world might see You, and believe.

Our strongest allegiance is to Christ, who gives us unity with each
other.
