http://odb.org/2014/10/27/new-to-the-family/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

New To The Family

There will be more joy in heaven over one sinner who repents than over
ninety-nine just persons who need no repentance. —
Luke 15:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 15:3-7

While on a ministry trip with a Christian high school chorale to
Jamaica, we witnessed an illustration of God’s love in action. On the
day we visited an orphanage for disabled children and teens, we
learned that Donald, one of the boys our kids had interacted with—a
teen with cerebral palsy—was going to be adopted.

When the adopting couple arrived at the “base” where we were staying,
it was a joy to talk to them about Donald. But what was even better
was what happened later. We were at the base when Donald and his new
parents arrived just after they had picked him up at the orphanage. As
the brand-new mom embraced her son, our students gathered around her
and sang praise songs. Tears flowed. Tears of joy. And Donald was
beaming!

Later, one of the students said to me, “This reminds me of what it
must be like in heaven when someone is saved. The angels rejoice
because someone has been adopted into God’s family.” Indeed, it was a
picture of the joy of heaven when someone new joins God’s forever
family by faith in Christ. Jesus spoke of that grand moment when He
said, “There will be . . . joy in heaven over one sinner who repents”
(Luke 15:7).

Praise God that He has adopted us into His family. No wonder the
angels rejoice!

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

The One who made the heavens, Who died on Calvary, Rejoices with His
angels When one soul is set free. —Fasick

Angels rejoice when we repent.
