http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/odb/feed/~3/M2czYwT9VZw/

Thanks Journal

Praise the Lord, all you nations; extol him, all you peoples.
Psalm 117:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 117

When I was a new believer in Jesus, a spiritual mentor encouraged me
to keep a thanks journal. It was a little booklet I carried with me
everywhere I went. Sometimes I would record a thanksgiving right away.
Other times, I would pen it at the end of the week during a time of
reflection.

Taking note of praise items is a good habit—one I’m considering re-
establishing in my life. It would help me to be mindful of God’s
presence and grateful for His provision and care.

In the shortest of all the psalms, Psalm 117, the writer encourages
everyone to praise the Lord because “great is his love toward us” (v.
2).

Think about it: How has the Lord shown His love toward you today, this
week, this month, and this year? Don’t just look for the spectacular.
His love is seen in the ordinary, everyday circumstances of life.
Then consider how He has shown His love toward your family, your
church, and to others. Let your mind soak up the extent of His love
for all of us.

The psalmist added that “the faithfulness of the Lord endures forever”
(v. 2 emphasis added). In other words, He will continue to love us! So
we will continue to have many things to praise God for in the coming
days. As His dearly loved children, may praising and thanking God
characterize our lives!

By:  Poh Fang Chia

Reflect & Pray

Father, if we were to record all of Your blessings, we could not
complete the task in a lifetime. But we can pause this moment to say a
simple “Thank You” for Your faithfulness and goodness.

Remember to thank God for the ordinary as well as the extraordinary.
