https://odb.org/2018/08/24/we-would-see-jesus/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

We Would See Jesus

They came to Philip . . . with a request. “Sir,” they said, “we would
like to see Jesus.”
John 12:21

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 12:20–26

As I looked down at the pulpit where I was sharing prayers at a
funeral, I glimpsed a brass plaque bearing words from John 12:21:
“Sir, we would see Jesus” ( kjv ). Yes, I thought, how fitting to
consider how we saw Jesus in the woman we were celebrating with tears
and smiles. Although she faced challenges and disappointments in her
life, she never gave up her faith in Christ. And because God’s Spirit
lived in her, we could see Jesus.

John’s gospel recounts how after Jesus rode into Jerusalem (see John
12:12–16), some Greeks approached Philip, one of the disciples,
asking, “Sir, . . . we would like to see Jesus” (v. 21). They were
probably curious about Jesus’s healings and miracles, but as they
weren’t Jewish, they weren’t allowed into the inner courts of the
temple. When their request was passed along to Jesus, He announced
that His hour had come to be glorified (v. 23). And by that, He meant
that He would die for the sins of many. He would fulfill His mission
to reach not only the Jews but the Gentiles (the “Greeks” in verse
20), and now they would see Jesus.

After Jesus died, He sent the Holy Spirit to dwell in His followers
(14:16–17). Thus as we love and serve Jesus, we see Him active in our
lives. And, amazingly, those around us too can see Jesus!

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

Lord Jesus Christ, I am humbled and amazed that You would come and
live in me. Help me to share this amazing gift with those I meet
today.

We can see Jesus in the lives of His followers.
