https://odb.org/2018/05/09/crossing-the-rubicon/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Point of No Return

The tongue also is a fire, a world of evil among the parts of the
body. It corrupts the whole body.
James 3:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: James 3:1–12

It wasn’t as simple as just crossing another river. By law, no Roman
general could lead armed troops into Rome. So when Julius Caesar led
his Thirteenth Legion across the Rubicon River and into Italy in 49 bc
, it was an act of treason. The impact of Caesar’s decision was
irreversible, generating years of civil war before Rome’s great
general became absolute ruler. Still today, the phrase “crossing the
Rubicon” is a metaphor for “passing the point of no return.”

Sometimes we can cross a relational Rubicon with the words we say to
others. Once spoken, words can’t be taken back. They can either offer
help and comfort or do damage that feels just as irreversible as
Caesar’s march on Rome. James gave us another word picture about words
when he said, “The tongue also is a fire, a world of evil among the
parts of the body. It corrupts the whole body, sets the whole course
of one’s life on fire, and is itself set on fire by hell” (James 3:6).

When we fear we have crossed a Rubicon with someone, we can seek their
forgiveness—and God’s (Matthew 5:23–24; 1 John 1:9). But even better
is to daily rest in God’s Spirit, hearing Paul’s challenge, “Let your
conversation be always full of grace” (Colossians 4:6), so that our
words will not only honor our Lord, but lift up and encourage those
around us.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Lord, please guard my heart and my words today. May I speak only words
that please You and bring health and healing to others. Read What Do
You Do with a Broken Relationship? at discoveryseries.org/q0703.

When words become weapons, our relationships soon become casualties.
