https://odb.org/2019/05/20/divine-escape/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Divine Escape

So from that day on they plotted to take his life.
John 11:53

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 11:45–53

Agatha Christie’s Hercule Poirot mystery The Clocks features
antagonists who commit a series of murders. Although their initial
plot targeted a single victim, they began taking more lives in order
to cover up the original crime. When confronted by Poirot,
a conspirator confessed, “It was only supposed to be the one murder.”

Like the schemers in the story, the religious authorities formed a
conspiracy of their own. After Jesus raised Lazarus from the dead
(John 11:38–44), they called an emergency meeting and plotted to kill
Him (vv. 45–53). But they didn’t stop there. After Jesus rose from the
dead, the religious leaders spread lies about what happened at the
grave (Matthew 28:12–15). Then they began a campaign to silence
Jesus’s followers (Acts 7:57–8:3). What started as a religious plot
against one man for the “greater good” of the nation became a web of
lies, deceit, and multiple casualties.

Sin plunges us down a road that often has no end in sight, but God
always provides a way of escape. When Caiaphas the high priest said,
“It is better for you that one man die for the people than that the
whole nation perish” (John 11:50), he didn’t understand the profound
truth of his words. The conspiracy of the religious leaders would help
bring about the redemption of mankind.

Jesus saves us from sin’s vicious grip. Have you received the freedom
He offers?

By:  Remi Oyedele

Reflect & Pray

What road are you going down that could take you further away from
God? He offers real freedom. What do you need to confess to Him today?

Give sin room, and it can take over a life. To learn more about the
Gospels that record the life of Jesus, visit
christianuniversity.org/NT331.
