https://odb.org/2017/04/22/always-listening/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Always Listening

The Lord is near to all who call on him, to all who call on him in
truth.
Psalm 145:18

Today's Scripture: Nehemiah 2:1–9

Dad was a man of few words. He had hearing damage due to years of
military duty and wore hearing aids. One afternoon when Mom and I were
talking a little longer than he thought necessary, he responded
playfully, “Whenever I want peace and quiet, all I have to do is
this.” Lifting both hands in a single motion, he turned off both
hearing aids, folded his hands behind his head and closed his eyes in
a serene smile.

We laughed. As far as he was concerned, the conversation was over!

My father’s actions that day remind me how different God is from us.
He always wants to hear His children. This is underscored by one of
the shortest prayers in the Bible. One day Nehemiah, a servant to King
Artaxerxes of Persia, was visibly sad in the king’s presence. Fearful
when the king asked him why, Nehemiah confessed it was because
Jerusalem, the conquered city of his ancestors, lay in ruins. Nehemiah
recounts, “The king said to me, ‘What is it you want?’ Then I prayed
to the God of heaven, and I answered the king…” (Neh. 2:4–5, italics
added).

Nehemiah’s prayer lasted only a moment, but God heard it. It set in
motion God’s merciful response to the many prayers Nehemiah had
already offered for Jerusalem. In that moment, Artaxerxes granted
Nehemiah’s request to rebuild the city.

Isn’t it comforting to know that God cares enough to listen to all of
our prayers—from the shortest to the longest?

By:  James Banks

Reflect & Pray

Thank You, loving Father, for blessing me with the beautiful privilege
and opportunity of prayer.

Our God is big enough to hear the smallest voice.
