https://odb.org/2017/02/28/a-chuckle-in-the-darkness/?utm_source=feedb
urner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bre
ad%29

A Chuckle in the Darkness

For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that
whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life.
John 3:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 11:17–27

In a Washington Post article titled “Tech Titans’ Latest Project: Defy
Death,” Ariana Cha wrote about the efforts of Peter Thiele and other
tech moguls to extend human life indefinitely. They’re prepared to
spend billions on the project.

They are a little late. Death has already been defeated! Jesus said,
“I am the resurrection and the life. The one who believes in me will
live, even though they die; and whoever lives by believing in me will
never die” (John 11:25–26). Jesus assures us that those who put their
trust in Him will never, ever, under any circumstances whatever, die.

To be clear, our bodies will die—and there is nothing anyone can do to
change that. But the thinking, reasoning, remembering, loving,
adventuring part of us that we call “me, myself, and I” will never,
ever die.

And here’s the best part: It’s a gift! All you have to do is receive
the salvation Jesus offers. C. S. Lewis, musing on this notion,
describes it as something like “a chuckle in the darkness”—the sense
that something that simple is the answer.

Some say, “It’s too simple.” Well, I say, if God loved you even before
you were born and wants you to live with Him forever, why would He
make it hard?

By:  David H. Roper

Reflect & Pray

Dear Jesus, I believe You died for my sins and rose from the dead. I
want to accept You as my Lord and Savior and follow You. Please
forgive my sins and help me, from this moment on, to live a life that
is pleasing to You.

Christ has replaced the dark door of death with the shining gate of
life.
