http://odb.org/2015/03/26/the-definite-choice/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Definite Choice

We will serve the Lord! —
Joshua 24:21

Today's Scripture: Joshua 24:15-24

Coming from someone who used to value ancestral gods, my 90-year-old
father’s statement near the end of his life was remarkable: “When I
die,” he spoke laboriously, “nobody should do anything other than what
the church will do. No soothsaying, no ancestral sacrifices, no
rituals. As my life is in the hands of Jesus Christ, so shall my death
be!”

My father chose the path of Christ in his old age when he invited
Jesus into his life as Savior. His contemporaries mocked him: “An old
man like you shouldn’t be going to church!” But my father’s choice to
follow and worship the true God was definite, like the people Joshua
addressed.

“Choose for yourselves this day whom you will serve,” Joshua
challenged them. “But as for me and my house, we will serve the Lord”
(24:15). Their response was resolute—they chose to worship the Lord.
Even after Joshua warned them to count the cost (vv.19-20), they still
resolved to follow the Lord, recalling His deliverance, provision, and
protection (vv.16-17,21).

Such a confident choice, however, calls for equally confident actions,
as Joshua strongly reminded them: “Put away the foreign gods . . . and
incline your heart to the Lord” (v.23). Have you made a choice to live
for God?

By:  Lawrence Darmani

Reflect & Pray

Teach me all it means, Lord, to choose You. I want my words, actions,
and attitudes to show the love for You that I have in my heart. You
are worthy of far more than I could ever do.

A definite choice demands definite actions.
