https://odb.org/2021/02/23/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Turn on the Light

Let your light shine before others, that they may see your good deeds
and glorify your Father in heaven.
Matthew 5:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 5:14–16

As my husband and I prepared for a cross-country move, I wanted to
ensure that we kept in touch with our grown sons. I found a unique
gift, friendship lamps connected by wireless internet, which can be
turned on remotely. When I gave the lamps to my sons, I explained that
their lamps will turn on when I touch my lamp—to provide a shining
reminder of my love and ongoing prayers. No matter how great the
distance between us, a tap on their lamps would trigger a light in our
home too. Though we knew nothing could replace our more personal
moments of connection, we could be encouraged by knowing we’re loved
and prayed for every time we turned on those lights.

All God’s children have the privilege of being light-sharers powered
by the Holy Spirit. We’re designed to live as radiant beacons of God’s
everlasting hope and unconditional love. When we’re sharing the gospel
and serving others in the name of Jesus, we become brilliant
spotlights and living testimonies. Every good deed, kind smile, gentle
word of encouragement, and heartfelt prayer produces a beaming
reminder of God’s faithfulness and His unconditional and life-
transforming love (Matthew 5:14–16).

Wherever God leads us, and however we serve Him, we can be used by Him
to help others shine His light. As God, by His Spirit, provides the
true illumination, we can reflect the light and love of His presence.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

How can you be a light for Christ, intentionally expressing His love
to those in your sphere of influence this week? How can you shine a
light on God’s love as you serve people who don’t know Him?

Loving Father, please fuel me with Your perfect truth and love so
I can shine a spotlight on You by loving You and others wherever I go.
