http://odb.org/2012/12/17/worth-the-risk/

Worth The Risk

For by grace you have been saved through faith, and that not of
yourselves; it is the gift of God, not of works, lest anyone should
boast. —
Ephesians 2:8-9

Today's Scripture: Acts 7:51–8:2

What would one give in exchange for a new iPad? One 17-year-old boy
gave a kidney! Apparently, he couldn’t afford an iPad and wanted one
so badly that he was willing to risk surgery.

Stephen, in Acts 7, took a serious risk, but it was for proclaiming
the good news about Jesus. While performing miracles, he was seized,
falsely accused of blasphemy against God and the Mosaic law, and
brought before the high priest (6:8-14). In response to a question
from the high priest (7:1), Stephen took a risk and preached a sermon
he knew his hearers would not like. He said that throughout Israel’s
history, the nation had repeatedly rejected God’s messengers. And now,
they had rejected the Messiah.

Stephen’s sermon provoked a strong reaction. “They cried out with a
loud voice, stopped their ears, and ran at him with one accord; and
they cast him out of the city and stoned him” (vv.57-58). Why would
Stephen risk his life to preach about Jesus? He desperately wanted his
hearers to know that because of Jesus’ death and resurrection, they no
longer needed to live under the law but could live under grace and
forgiveness (6:13-15; Eph. 2:8-9). Jesus died so that we may have
eternal life.

By:  Albert Lee

Reflect & Pray

Lord, You have done so much for us. You give us our very breath and
blessing upon blessing. We give ourselves back to You to use to spread
the glorious gospel of Christ. Amen.

A Christian’s life is a window through which others can see Jesus.
