http://odb.org/2016/04/24/relief-for-the-troubled/?utm_source=feedburn
er&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%
29

Relief for the Troubled

[God will] give relief to you who are troubled.
2 Thessalonians 1:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Thessalonians 1:3-12

One of my favorite scenes in literature occurs when a feisty aunt
confronts an evil stepfather over the abuse of her nephew, David
Copperfield. This scene takes place in Charles Dickens’ novel named
after the main character.

When David Copperfield shows up at his aunt’s house, his stepfather is
not far behind. Aunt Betsy Trotwood is not pleased to see the
malicious Mr. Murdstone. She recounts a list of offenses and does not
let him slither out of his responsibility for each act of cruelty. Her
charges are so forceful and truthful that Mr. Murdstone—a normally
aggressive person—finally leaves without a word. Through the strength
and goodness of Aunt Betsy’s character, David finally receives
justice.

There is Someone else who is strong and good, and who will one day
right the wrongs in our world. When Jesus returns, He will come down
from heaven with a group of powerful angels. He will “give relief to
you who are troubled,” and He will not ignore those who have created
problems for His children (2 Thess. 1:6-7). Until that day, Jesus
wants us to stand firm and have courage. No matter what we endure on
earth, we are safe for eternity.

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

Dear God, please protect us and give us wisdom through Your Holy
Spirit. Help us to be just and fair in everything we do so that we are
good representatives for You. For more on waiting for God's justice,
read It’s Not Fair from Discovery Series.

One day God will right every wrong.
