http://odb.org/2013/01/12/the-gift-of-sleep/

The Gift Of Sleep

It is vain for you to rise up early, to sit up late  . . . ; for so He
gives His beloved sleep. —
Psalm 127:2

Today's Scripture: Psalm 121

Sleep is essential for good health. Scientists don’t know exactly why
we need it but they know what happens when we don’t get enough. We put
ourselves at risk of premature aging, weight gain, and diseases
ranging from colds and flu to cancer. What God accomplishes in our
bodies while we drift off to dreamland is nothing short of miraculous.
While we do nothing, God replenishes our energy, rebuilds and restores
our cells, and reorganizes information in our brains.

The reasons for not getting enough sleep are many, and some we can’t
solve, but the Bible indicates that overwork should not be one of them
(Ps. 127:2). Sleep is a gift from God that we should receive with
gratitude. If we’re not getting enough, we need to find out why. Are
we rising early and staying up late to earn money to acquire things we
don’t need? Are we involved in ministry efforts that we think no one
else is capable of doing?

I’m sometimes tempted to believe that the work I do when I’m awake is
more important than the work God does while I sleep. But refusing
God’s gift of sleep is like telling Him that my work is more important
than His.

God does not want anyone to be a slave to work. He wants us to enjoy
His gift of sleep.

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

The love of God is my pillow, Soft and healing and wide, I rest my
soul in its comfort, And in its calm I abide. —Long

If we do not come apart and rest awhile, we may just plain come apart.
—Havner
