http://odb.org/2013/04/23/now-i-see/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=
feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Now I See

The Helper, the Holy Spirit, whom the Father will send in My name, He
will teach you all things, and bring to your remembrance all things
that I said to you. —
John 14:26

Today's Scripture: John 14:15-27

Deborah Kendrick loves to attend Broadway musicals even though she is
blind and always struggles to understand the setting and the movements
of the characters onstage. Recently, however, she attended a play that
used D-Scriptive, a new technology that conveys the visual elements of
the stage production through a small FM receiver. A recorded
narration, keyed to the show’s light and sound boards, describes the
set and the action as it unfolds onstage. Writing in The Columbus
Dispatch, Deborah said, “If you ask me if I saw a show last week in
New York, my answer is yes . . . I genuinely, unequivocally mean that
I saw the show.”

Her experience struck me as a vivid illustration of the Holy Spirit’s
role in our understanding of God’s Word. Just before Jesus went to the
cross, He told His followers that “the Helper, the Holy Spirit, whom
the Father will send in My name, He will teach you all things, and
bring to your remembrance all things that I said to you” (John 14:26).

As we open the Bible to read or study, the Spirit of Truth is with us
to guide us into all truth (16:13). On our own we are blind, but
through the guidance of God’s Holy Spirit we can see.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Break Thou the bread of life, dear Lord, to me, As Thou didst break
the loaves beside the sea. Beyond the sacred page I seek Thee, Lord;
My spirit pants for Thee, O Living Word. —Lathbury

The Father gave the Spirit to teach us from the Word.
