https://odb.org/2020/09/29/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Eyes to See

Open my eyes that I may see wonderful things in your law.
Psalm 119:18

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 119:97–104

I recently discovered the wonder of anamorphic art. Appearing at first
as an assortment of random parts, an anamorphic sculpture only makes
sense when viewed from the correct angle. In one piece, a series of
vertical poles align to reveal a famous leader’s face. In another, a
mass of cable becomes the outline of an elephant. Another artwork,
made of hundreds of black dots suspended by wire, becomes a woman’s
eye when seen correctly. The key to anamorphic art is viewing it from
different angles until its meaning is revealed.

With thousands of verses of history, poetry, and more, the Bible can
sometimes be hard to understand. But Scripture itself tells us how to
unlock its meaning. Treat it like an anamorphic sculpture: view it
from different angles and meditate on it deeply.

Christ’s parables work this way. Those who care enough to ponder them
gain “eyes to see” their meaning (Matthew 13:10–16). Paul told Timothy
to “reflect” on his words so God would give him insight (2 Timothy
2:7). And the repeated refrain of Psalm 119 is how meditating on
Scripture brings wisdom and insight, opening our eyes to see its
meaning (119:18, 97–99).

How about pondering a single parable for a week or reading a gospel in
one sitting? Spend some time viewing a verse from all angles. Go deep.
Biblical insight comes from meditating on Scripture, not just reading
it.

Oh, God, give us eyes to see.

By:  Sheridan Voysey

Reflect & Pray

What do you think the difference is between reading Scripture and
meditating on it? How will you spend time meditating on today’s verse?

God, open my eyes to see each wonderful thing within the Scriptures.
Guide me down the paths connecting each one.
