https://odb.org/2020/09/25/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Love Locks

Place me like a seal over your heart, like a seal on your arm.
Song of Songs 8:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: Song of Songs 8:5–7

I stood amazed at the hundreds of thousands of padlocks, many engraved
with the initials of sweethearts, attached to every imaginable part of
the Pont des Arts bridge in Paris. The pedestrian bridge across the
Seine River was inundated with these symbols of love, a couple’s
declaration of “forever” commitment. In 2014, the love locks were
estimated to weigh a staggering fifty tons and had even caused a
portion of the bridge to collapse, necessitating the locks’ removal.

The presence of so many love locks points to the deep longing we have
as human beings for assurance that love is secure. In Song of Songs,
an Old Testament book that depicts a dialogue between two lovers, the
woman expresses her desire for secure love by asking her beloved to
“place me like a seal over your heart, like a seal on your arm” (Song
of Songs 8:6). Her longing was to be as safe and secure in his love as
a seal impressed on his heart or a ring on his finger.

The longing for enduring romantic love expressed in Song of Songs
points us to the New Testament truth in Ephesians that we are marked
with the “seal” of God’s Spirit (1:13). While human love can be
fickle, and locks can be removed from a bridge, Christ’s Spirit living
in us is a permanent seal demonstrating God’s never-ending, committed
love for each of His children.

By:  Lisa M. Samra

Reflect & Pray

How have you experienced the secure love of your heavenly Father? How
might you allow His love to guide and encourage you today?

Heavenly Father, thank You that even though the security of human love
often remains elusive, Your love for me is strong, steadfast, and
eternal.
