https://odb.org/2018/06/13/humble-love/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Humble Love

The greatest among you will be your servant.
Matthew 23:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: Philippians 2:1–11

When Benjamin Franklin was a young man he made a list of twelve
virtues he desired to grow in over the course of his life. He showed
it to a friend, who suggested he add “humility” to it. Franklin liked
the idea. He then added some guidelines to help him with each item on
the list. Among Franklin’s thoughts about humility, he held up Jesus
as an example to emulate.

Jesus shows us the ultimate example of humility. God’s Word tells us,
“In your relationships with one another, have the same mindset as
Christ Jesus: Who, being in very nature God, did not consider equality
with God something to be used to his own advantage; rather, he made
himself nothing by taking the very nature of a servant” (Philippians
2:5–7).

Jesus demonstrated the greatest humility of all. Though eternally with
the Father, He chose to bend beneath a cross in love so that through
His death He might lift any who receive Him into the joy of His
presence.

We imitate Jesus’s humility when we seek to serve our heavenly Father
by serving others. Jesus’s kindness helps us catch a breathtaking
glimpse of the beauty of setting ourselves aside to attend to others’
needs. Aiming for humility isn’t easy in our “me first” world. But as
we rest securely in our Savior’s love, He will give us everything we
need to follow Him.

By:  James Banks

Reflect & Pray

Beautiful Savior, I am Your servant. Please help me to live in Your
love and be a blessing to someone today.

We can serve because we are loved.
