http://odb.org/2013/11/03/be-still-2/

Be Still

Be still, and know that I am God; I will be exalted among the nations,
I will be exalted in the earth! —
Psalm 46:10

Today's Scripture: Psalm 46

Eric Liddell, memorialized in the film Chariots of Fire, won a gold
medal in the 1924 Paris Olympics before going to China as a
missionary. Some years later, with the outbreak of World War II,
Liddell sent his family to safety in Canada, but he remained in China.
Soon Liddell and other foreign missionaries were interned in a
Japanese detainment camp. After months of captivity, he developed what
doctors feared was a brain tumor.

Every Sunday afternoon a band would play near the hospital, so one day
Liddell requested they play the hymn “Be Still, My Soul.” As he
listened, I wonder if Eric pondered these words from the song: Be
still, my soul: the hour is hastening on / When we shall be forever
with the Lord. / When disappointment, grief, and fear are gone, /
Sorrow forgot, love’s purest joys restored. / Be still, my soul: when
change and tears are past / All safe and blessed we shall meet at
last.

That beautiful hymn, so comforting to Eric as he faced an illness that
led to his death 3 days later, expresses a great reality of Scripture.
In Psalm 46:10, David wrote, “Be still, and know that I am God.” In
our darkest moments, we can rest, for our Lord conquered death on our
behalf. Be still, and allow Him to calm your greatest fears.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Teach me, Lord, to still my soul before You. Help me to bear patiently
the trials I face, and to leave everything to You to direct and
provide. I know that You will always remain faithful.

God’s whisper of comfort quiets the noise of our trials.
