https://odb.org/2019/03/19/marked-by-momma/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Marked by Momma

Continue in what you have learned and have become convinced of,
because you know those from whom you learned it.
2 Timothy 3:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Timothy 1:3–7

Her name was long but her years were even longer. Madeline Harriet Orr
Jackson Williams lived to be 101 years old, outliving two husbands.
Both were preachers. Madeline was my grandmother, and we knew her as
Momma. My siblings and I got to know her well; we lived in her home
until her second husband whisked her away. Even then she was less than
fifty miles away from us. Our grandmother was a hymn-singing,
catechism-reciting, piano-playing, God-fearing woman, and my siblings
and I have been marked by her faith.

According to 2 Timothy 1:3–7, Timothy’s grandmother Lois and his
mother Eunice had a huge impact on his life. Their living and teaching
were rooted in the soil of Scripture (v. 5; 2 Timothy 3:14–16) and
eventually their faith blossomed in Timothy’s heart. His biblically
based upbringing was not only foundational for his relationship with
God, but it was also vital to his usefulness in the Lord’s service
(1:6–7).

Today, as well as in Timothy’s time, God uses faithful women and men
to mark future generations. Our prayers, words, actions, and service
can be powerfully used by the Lord while we live and after we’re gone.
That’s why my siblings and I still rehearse things that were passed on
to us from Momma. My prayer is that Momma’s legacy will not stop with
us.

By:  Arthur Jackson

Reflect & Pray

How are you using your prayer, words, actions, and service to grow
others in Jesus? What would you like your legacy to be?

Heavenly Father, use our living as a legacy for Your glory and the
enrichment of others.
