https://odb.org/2020/10/28/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Who’s It For?

He poured it out before the Lord.
2 Samuel 23:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Samuel 23:13–17

The picture made me laugh out loud. Crowds had lined a Mexican avenue,
waving flags and throwing confetti as they waited for the pope. Down
the middle of the street strolled a stray puppy, appearing to grin as
if the cheering was entirely for him. Yes! Every dog should have its
day, and it should look like this.

It’s cute when a puppy “steals the show,” but hijacking another’s
praise can destroy us. David knew this, and he refused to drink the
water his mighty warriors had risked their lives to get. He had
wistfully said it would be great if someone would fetch a drink from
the well in Bethlehem. Three of his soldiers took him literally. They
broke through enemy lines, drew the water, and carried it back. David
was overwhelmed by their devotion, and he had to pass it on. He
refused to drink the water, but “poured it out before the Lord ” as a
drink offering (2 Samuel 23:16).

How we respond to praise and honor says a lot about us. When praise is
directed toward others, especially God, stay out of the way. The
parade isn’t for us. When the honor is directed toward us, thank the
person and then amplify that praise by giving all the glory to Jesus.
The “water” isn’t for us either. Give thanks, then pour it out before
God.

By:  Mike Wittmer

Reflect & Pray

What praise for yourself or others did you hear today? How did your
heart respond?

God, may words of praise to You be continually on my lips. You alone
deserve the praise!
