http://odb.org/2012/09/13/flying-solo/

Flying Solo

Do you not know that you are the temple of God and that the Spirit of
God dwells in you? —
1 Corinthians 3:16

Today's Scripture: John 14:15-27

May 20-21, 1927, marked a turning point in aviation history as Charles
Lindbergh made the first-ever solo, nonstop, trans-Atlantic flight.
There had been other flights across the Atlantic, but none were
accomplished by a pilot flying alone. It was a historic achievement.
When Lindbergh landed at Le Bourget Field in Paris, he was thronged by
thousands of admirers applauding his success. And when he returned to
America, he was further honored with parades and awards in celebration
of his individualistic courage and spirit.

Even though Lindbergh’s solo flight was dangerous, living in this
fallen world of ours can be far more so. Followers of Christ, however,
can be encouraged and comforted that we never have to “fly solo.” The
night before His crucifixion, Jesus promised that He would not abandon
us but would send His Spirit to be with us and in us (John 14:16-17).
The apostle Paul later affirmed this, saying, “Do you not know that
you are the temple of God and that the Spirit of God dwells in you?”
(1 Cor. 3:16).

In a world filled with despair and trouble, we can take courage. The
Holy Spirit lives within us, providing us with His peace and comfort
(John 14:26-27). Aren’t you thankful that you never have to fly solo?

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Father, allow me today to rest in You, to walk with Your Son, and to
lean on Your Spirit. Thank You for Your never-failing presence,
helping me in all the challenges of life. Amen.

The Spirit within us guarantees that we’re never alone.
