https://odb.org/2018/12/22/hope-is-our-strategy/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Hope Is Our Strategy

But as for me, I watch in hope for the Lord, I wait for God my Savior;
my God will hear me.
Micah 7:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: Micah 7:1–7

My favorite football team has lost eight consecutive games as I write
this. With each loss, it’s harder to hope this season can be redeemed
for them. The coach has made changes weekly, but they haven’t resulted
in wins. Talking with my coworkers, I’ve joked that merely wanting a
different outcome can’t guarantee it. “Hope is not a strategy,” I’ve
quipped.

That’s true in football. But in our spiritual lives, it’s just the
opposite. Not only is cultivating hope in God a strategy, but clinging
to Him in faith and trust is the only strategy. This world often
disappoints us, but hope can anchor us in God’s truth and power during
the turbulent times.

Micah understood this reality. He was heartbroken by how Israel had
turned away from God. “What misery is mine! . . . The faithful have
been swept from the land; not one upright person remains” (7:1–2). But
then he refocused on his true hope: “But as for me, I watch in hope
for the Lord , I wait for God my Savior; my God will hear me” (v. 7).

What does it take to maintain hope in harsh times? Micah shows us:
Watching. Waiting. Praying. Remembering. God hears our cries even when
our circumstances are overwhelming. In these moments, clinging to and
acting in response to our hope in God is our strategy, the only
strategy that will help us weather life’s storms.

By:  Adam R. Holz

Reflect & Pray

Father, You’ve promised to be an anchor for our hearts when
circumstances look discouraging. Help us call out to You in faith and
hope, believing that You hear our hearts’ cries.

What does it take to maintain hope in harsh times? Watching. Waiting.
Praying. Remembering.
