https://odb.org/2018/10/04/courageous-stand/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Courageous Stand

Our struggle is not against flesh and blood, but against the rulers,
against the authorities, against the powers of this dark world.
Ephesians 6:12

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ephesians 6:10–18

Teresa Prekerowa was just a teenager when the Nazis invaded her native
Poland at the dawn of World War II. This was in the beginnings of the
Holocaust when her Jewish neighbors began to disappear—arrested by the
Nazis. So Teresa and other Polish countrymen risked their lives to
rescue those neighbors from the Warsaw ghetto and the Nazi purge.
Teresa would become one of the premier historians of the war and the
Holocaust, but it was her courage to stand against the tide of evil
that would list her with the Righteous Among the Nations at the Yad
Vashem Holocaust Memorial in Jerusalem.

Courage is needed to stand against evil. Paul told the church at
Ephesus, “For our struggle is not against flesh and blood, but against
the rulers, against the authorities, against the powers of this dark
world and against the spiritual forces of evil” (Ephesians 6:12).
Clearly this unseen opposition is more than any of us can face alone,
so God has given us the necessary spiritual resources (the “full armor
of God”) to enable us to “stand against the devil’s schemes” (v. 11).

What might that courageous stand involve? It may be working against
injustice or intervening on behalf of someone you know who is
vulnerable or victimized. Whatever form the conflict may take, we can
have courage—our God has already provided what we need to stand for
Him and against evil.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Listen to the Discover the Word program “Brave Enough” at
discovertheword.org/series/brave-enough.

God enables us to stand for Him.
