http://odb.org/2015/07/12/seeing-beyond-loss/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Seeing Beyond Loss

I will remember the years of the right hand of the Most High. I will
remember the works of the Lord. —
Psalm 77:10-11

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 77:1-15

Author William Zinsser described his last visit to see the house where
he grew up, a place he greatly loved as a boy. When he and his wife
arrived at the hill overlooking Manhasset Bay and Long Island Sound,
they found that the house had been demolished. All that remained was a
huge hole. Disheartened, they walked to the nearby seawall. Zinsser
looked across the bay, absorbing the sights and sounds. Later, he
wrote of this experience, “I was at ease and only slightly sad. The
view was intact: the unique configuration of land and sea I remember
so well that I still dream about it.”

The psalmist wrote of a difficult time when his soul refused to be
comforted and his spirit was overwhelmed (Ps. 77:2-3). But in the
midst of his trouble, he shifted his focus from his sadness to his
Savior, saying, “I will remember the years of the right hand of the
Most High. I will remember the works of the Lord . . . Your wonders of
old” (vv. 10-11).

In dealing with disappointment, we can either focus on our loss or on
God Himself. The Lord invites us to look to Him and see the scope of
His goodness, His presence with us, and His eternal love.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Heavenly Father, this life can be both wonderful and disappointing. We
know that things are not the way they ought to be. Our disappointments
cause us to turn to You, the only true hope for the world. Share this
prayer from our Facebook page with your friends.
facebook.com/ourdailybread

Faith in God’s goodness keeps hope alive.
