http://odb.org/2016/08/16/bringing-light-into-darkness/?utm_source=fee
dburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+B
read%29

Bringing Light into Darkness

In the same way, let your light shine before others, that they may see
your good deeds and glorify your Father in heaven.
Matthew 5:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 1:1–8

In 1989, Vaclav Havel was elevated from his position as a political
prisoner to become the first elected president of Czechoslovakia.
Years later at his funeral in Prague in 2011, former US Secretary of
State Madeleine Albright, who herself was born in Prague, described
him as one who had “brought the light to places of deep darkness.”

What Havel’s introduction of light did in the political arena of
Czechoslovakia (and later the Czech Republic), our Lord Jesus did for
the whole world. He brought light into existence when He created light
out of darkness at the dawn of time (John 1:2–3; cf. Gen 1:2–3). Then,
with His birth, He brought light to the spiritual arena. Jesus is the
life and light that darkness cannot overcome (John 1:5).

John the Baptist came from the wilderness to bear witness to Jesus,
the light of the world. We can do the same today. In fact that is what
Jesus told us to do: “Let your light shine before others, that they
may see your good deeds and glorify your Father in heaven” (Matt.
5:16).

In our world today—when good is often considered bad and bad is seen
as good, when truth and error are switched around—people are looking
for direction in life. May we be the ones who shine the light of
Christ into our world.

By:  C. P. Hia

Reflect & Pray

Father in heaven, thank You for the light of Jesus that came into the
world and for the light He has brought into my life. Help me to remain
grateful and to be Your light in the dark world around me.

Shine the Light!
