https://odb.org/2017/11/05/joy-and-justice/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Joy and Justice

You rule the peoples with equity and guide the nations of the earth.
Psalm 67:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 67

At a conference in Asia, I had two eye-opening conversations in the
span of a few hours. First, a pastor told of spending eleven years in
prison for a wrongful murder conviction before he was cleared. Then, a
group of families shared how they had spent a fortune to escape
religious persecution in their homeland, only to be betrayed by the
very people they had paid to bring about their rescue. Now, after
years in a refugee camp, they wonder if they will ever find a home.

In both cases, victimization was compounded by an absence of
justice—just one evidence of our world’s brokenness. But this vacuum
of justice is not a permanent condition.

Psalm 67 calls on God’s people to make Him known to our hurting world.
The result will be joy, not only as a response to God’s love but also
because of His justice. “May the nations be glad and sing for joy,”
says the psalmist, “for you rule the peoples with equity and guide the
nations of the earth” (v. 4).

Although the Bible writers understood that “equity” (fairness and
justice) is a key component of God’s love, they also knew that it will
only be fully realized in the future. Until then, in our world of
injustice, we can serve to point others to our God’s divine justice.
His coming will see “justice roll on like a river, righteousness like
a never-failing stream!” (Amos 5:24).

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Father, help us to work for Your justice now where we live, even as we
await the day when You will make everything right. We long for that
day.

Work for justice; pray for mercy.
