http://odb.org/2017/01/15/losing-to-find/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Losing to Find

Whoever loses their life for my sake will find it.
Matthew 10:39

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 10:37–42

When I married my English fiancé and moved to the United Kingdom, I
thought it would be a five-year adventure in a foreign land. I never
dreamed I’d still be living here nearly twenty years later, or that at
times I’d feel like I was losing my life as I said goodbye to family
and friends, work, and all that was familiar. But in losing my old way
of life, I’ve found a better one.

The upside-down gift of finding life when we lose it is what Jesus
promised to His apostles. When He sent out the twelve disciples to
share His good news, He asked them to love Him more than their mothers
or fathers, sons or daughters (Matt. 10:37). His words came in a
culture where families were the cornerstone of the society and highly
valued. But He promised that if they would lose their life for His
sake, they would find it (v. 39).

We don’t have to move abroad to find ourselves in Christ. Through
service and commitment—such as the disciples going out to share the
good news of the kingdom of God—we find ourselves receiving more than
we give through the lavish love the Lord showers on us. Of course He
loves us no matter how much we serve, but we find contentment,
meaning, and fulfillment when we pour ourselves out for the well-being
of others.

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

When I survey the wondrous cross on which the Prince of glory died, my
richest gain I count but loss, and pour contempt on all my pride.
Isaac Watts

Every loss leaves a space that can be filled with God’s presence.
