http://odb.org/2015/08/04/web-wisdom/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium
=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Web Wisdom

A quarrelsome person starts fights as easily as hot embers light
charcoal or fire lights wood.  —
Proverbs 26:21

Today's Scripture & Insight: Proverbs 26:1-12

Scroll to the bottom of many online news sites and you’ll find the
“Comments” section where readers can leave their observations. Even
the most reputable sites have no shortage of rude rants, uninformed
insults, and name-calling.

The book of Proverbs was collected about 3,000 years ago, but its
timeless wisdom is as up-to-date as today’s breaking news. Two
proverbs in chapter 26 seem at first glance to contradict each other,
yet they apply perfectly to social media. “Do not answer a fool
according to his folly, lest you also be like him” (v. 4). And then,
“Answer a fool according to his folly, lest he be wise in his own
eyes” (v. 5).

The balance in those statements is in the “according to”: Don’t answer
in the way a fool would answer. But respond so that foolishness is not
considered wisdom.

My problem is that the foolishness I encounter is often my own. I have
at times posted a sarcastic comment or turned someone else’s statement
back on them. God hates it when I treat my fellow human beings with
such disrespect, even when they’re also being foolish.

God gives us an amazing range of freedoms. We are free to choose what
we will say, and when and how we say it. And we are always free to ask
Him for wisdom.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Things to keep in mind: Is what I am saying true, and is it loving?
What is my motivation? Will it help anyone? Will this reflect the
character of Jesus? Leave your thoughts about this topic.

Let love be your highest goal.
