http://odb.org/2016/05/17/time-to-grow/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Time to Grow

At the proper time we will reap a harvest if we do not give up.
Galatians 6:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: Galatians 6:1-10

In Debbie’s new home, she discovered an abandoned plant in a dark
corner of the kitchen. The dusty and ragged leaves looked like those
of a moth orchid, and she imagined how pretty the plant would look
once it had sent up new bloom-bearing stems. She moved the pot into a
spot by the window, cut off the dead leaves, and watered it
thoroughly. She bought plant food and applied it to the roots. Week
after week she inspected the plant, but no new shoots appeared. “I’ll
give it another month,” she told her husband, “and if nothing has
happened by then, out it goes.”

When decision day came, she could hardly believe her eyes. Two small
stems were poking out from among the leaves! The plant she’d almost
given up on was still alive.

Do you ever get discouraged by your apparent lack of spiritual growth?
Perhaps you frequently lose your temper or enjoy that spicy piece of
gossip you just can’t resist passing on. Or perhaps you get up too
late to pray and read your Bible, in spite of resolving to set the
alarm earlier.

Why not tell a trusted friend about the areas of your life in which
you want to grow spiritually and ask that person to pray for and
encourage you to be accountable? Be patient. You will grow as you
allow the Holy Spirit to work in you.

By:  Marion Stroud

Reflect & Pray

Please give me patience, dear Lord, with myself and with others. Help
me to cooperate with the Holy Spirit as He shapes my desires and helps
me to grow.

Each small step of faith is a giant step of growth.
