https://odb.org/2020/01/26/guiding-our-children-toward-god/?utm_source
=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Dai
ly+Bread%29

Guiding Children to God

Continue in what you have learned . . . how from infancy you have
known the Holy Scriptures.
2 Timothy 3:14–15

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Timothy 3:10–15

An outspoken atheist believes it’s immoral for parents to teach their
children religion as though it were actually true. He even claims that
parents who pass along their faith to their children are committing
child abuse. Though these views are extreme, I do hear from parents
who are hesitant to boldly encourage their children toward faith.
While most of us readily hope to influence our children with our view
of politics or nutrition or sports, for some reason some of us treat
our convictions about God differently.

In contrast, Paul wrote of how Timothy had been taught “from infancy .
. . the Holy Scriptures, which are able to make you wise for salvation
through faith in Christ Jesus” (2 Timothy 3:15). Timothy didn’t arrive
at faith as an adult through the power of his own, unaided reason.
Rather, his mother nurtured his heart toward God; then he continued in
what he had learned (v. 14). If God is life, the source of true
wisdom, then it’s vital for us to tenderly cultivate a love for God in
our families.

There are many belief systems that are influencing our children. TV
shows, movies, music, teachers, friends, the media—each of these carry
assumptions (either obvious or under the radar) about faith that exert
real influence. May we choose not to be silent. The beauty and grace
we’ve experienced compels us to guide our children toward God.

By:  Winn Collier

Reflect & Pray

Reflect on the myriad influences and messages children (or all of us)
receive in a given day. How do these forces shape you and those you
love?

Dear Father, thank You for the joy and privilege to gracefully nurture
children’s hearts toward You.
