https://odb.org/2021/04/14/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Live Like It’s Morning

The fruit of the light consists in all goodness, righteousness and
truth.
Ephesians 5:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ephesians 5:1–9

When I have to travel across time zones by air, I try various remedies
to avoid jet lag. I think I’ve tried them all! On one occasion, I
decided to adjust my in-flight eating to the time zone where I was
heading. Instead of eating dinner with the rest of the passengers, I
kept watching a movie and tried to fall asleep. The hours of elective
fasting were difficult, and the breakfast that came right before we
landed left much to be desired. But living “out of sorts” with those
around me worked. It jolted my body clock into a new time zone.

Paul knew that if believers in Jesus were to truly reflect Him in
their lives, they would need to live out of step with the world around
them. They “were once darkness” but now they were to live as “children
of light” (Ephesians 5:8). And what might that look like? Paul goes on
to fill out the picture: “The fruit of the light consists in all
goodness, righteousness and truth” (v. 9).

Sleeping through dinner may have seemed foolish to the people on my
flight, but even as it’s midnight in the world, as believers, we’re
called to live like it’s morning. This may provoke scorn and
opposition, but in Jesus we can “walk in the way of love,” following
the example of the One who “love[s] us and gave himself up for us as a
fragrant offering and sacrifice to God” (v. 2).

By:  Glenn Packiam

Reflect & Pray

Where have your actions and choices lined up too closely with the
world around you? What would the fruit of goodness, righteousness, and
truth look like in your life?

Jesus, wake me up to the new day that has come in You. Fill me with
Your power to live in a “different time zone.” Open my eyes to choose
goodness, righteousness, and beauty. To learn more about the
characteristics of a believer in Jesus, visit
ChristianUniversity.org/SF132.
