http://odb.org/2015/02/11/back-from-the-dead/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Back From The Dead

Even when we were dead . . . [God] made us alive together with Christ.
—
Ephesians 2:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ephesians 2:1-10

Can a man be officially alive after being declared legally dead? That
question became international news when a man from Ohio showed up in
good health after being reported missing more than 25 years earlier.
At the time of his disappearance he had been unemployed, addicted, and
hopelessly behind in child support payments. So he decided to go into
hiding. On his return, however, he discovered how hard it is to come
back from the dead. When the man went to court to reverse the ruling
that had declared him legally dead, the judge turned down his request,
citing a 3-year time limit for changing a death ruling.

That unusual request of a human court turns out to be a common
experience for God. Paul’s letter to the Ephesians tells us that
though we were spiritually dead, God “made us alive together with
Christ” (Eph. 2:1,5). Yet declaring and making us spiritually alive
was a deeply painful matter for God. Our sin and its consequent
spiritual death required the suffering, death, and resurrection of
God’s Son (vv.4-7).

It’s one thing to show evidence of physical life. Our challenge is to
show evidence of spiritual life. Having been declared alive in Christ,
we are called to live in gratitude for the immeasurable mercy and life
given to us.

By:  Mart DeHaan

Reflect & Pray

Father in heaven, our hearts are full of gratitude for the way You
reached out to us when we were dead in our sins. May we live joyfully
and with unending appreciation for what You did to give us life.

Jesus died that we might live.
