http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/odb/feed/~3/nRlALJGLbMU/

Getting Away with It

By faith Abel still speaks.
Hebrews 11:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: Genesis 4:1–12

In June 2004, at a Vancouver art gallery, Canadian cross-country skier
Beckie Scott received an Olympic gold medal. That’s interesting,
because the Winter Olympics had been held in 2002—in Utah. Scott had
won bronze behind two athletes who were disqualified months later when
it was learned they had used banned substances.

It’s good that Scott eventually received her gold, but gone forever is
the moment when she should have stood on the podium to hear her
country’s national anthem. That injustice couldn’t be remedied.

Injustice of any kind disturbs us, and surely there are far greater
wrongs than being denied a hard-won medal. The story of Cain and Abel
shows an ultimate act of injustice (Gen. 4:8). And at first glance, it
might look like Cain got away with murdering his brother. After all,
he lived a long, full life, eventually building a city (v. 17).

But God Himself confronted Cain. “Your brother’s blood cries out to me
from the ground,” He said (v. 10). The New Testament later recorded
Cain as an example to avoid (1 John 3:12; Jude 1:11). But of Abel we
read, “By faith Abel still speaks, even though he is dead” (Heb.
11:4).

God cares deeply about justice, about righting wrongs, and about
defending the powerless. In the end, no one gets away with any act of
injustice. Nor does God leave unrewarded our work done in faith for
Him.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Father, as Your Son taught us to pray, we ask that Your kingdom will
come, Your will be done to change this broken world. Thank You for
redeeming us.

Sin will not ultimately be judged by the way we see it, but by the way
God sees it.
