https://odb.org/2020/08/11/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Named by God

“Don’t call me Naomi,” she told them. “Call me Mara, because the
Almighty has made my life very bitter.”
Ruth 1:20

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ruth 1:19–22

Riptide. Batgirl. Jumpstart. These are a few names given to counselors
at the summer camp our family attends every year. Created by their
peers, the camp nicknames usually derive from an embarrassing
incident, a funny habit, or a favorite hobby.

Nicknames aren’t limited to camp—we even find them used in the Bible.
For example, Jesus dubs the apostles James and John the “sons of
thunder” (Mark 3:17). It’s rare in Scripture for someone to give
themselves a nickname, yet it happens when a woman named Naomi asks
people to call her “Mara,” which means “bitterness” (Ruth 1:20),
because both her husband and two sons had died. She felt that God had
made her life bitter (v. 21).

The new name Naomi gave herself didn’t stick, however, because
those devastating losses were not the end of her story. In the midst
of her sorrow, God had blessed her with a loving daughter-in-law,
Ruth, who eventually remarried and had a son, creating a family for
Naomi again.

Although we might sometimes be tempted to give ourselves bitter
nicknames, like “failure” or “unloved,” based on difficulties we’ve
experienced or mistakes we’ve made, those names are not the end of our
stories. We can replace those labels with the name God has given each
of us, “loved one” (Romans 9:25), and look for the ways He’s providing
for us in even the most challenging of times.

By:  Lisa M. Samra

Reflect & Pray

Think of a nickname someone gave you. What did you like or not like
about it? How does being called a beloved child of God change how you
see yourself?

Heavenly Father, thank You that I’m not defined by the circumstances
or experiences of my life. Thank You for calling me Your child.
