https://odb.org/2019/06/14/clear-communication/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Clear Communication

The Spirit helps us in our weakness. We do not know what we ought to
pray for, but the Spirit himself intercedes for us through wordless
groans.
Romans 8:26

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 8:18–27

While traveling in Asia, my iPad (containing my reading material and
many work documents) suddenly died, a condition described as “the
black screen of death.” Seeking help, I found a computer shop and
encountered another problem—I don’t speak Chinese and the shop’s
technician didn’t speak English. The solution? He pulled up a software
program in which he typed in Chinese, but I could read it in English.
The process reversed as I responded in English and he read in Chinese.
The software allowed us to communicate clearly, even in different
languages.

At times, I feel like I’m unable to communicate and express my heart
when I pray to my heavenly Father—and I’m not alone. Many of us
struggle sometimes with prayer. But the apostle Paul wrote, “The
Spirit helps us in our weakness. We do not know what we ought to pray
for, but the Spirit himself intercedes for us through wordless groans.
And he who searches our hearts knows the mind of the Spirit, because
the Spirit intercedes for God’s people in accordance with the will of
God” (Romans 8:26–27).

How amazing is the gift of the Holy Spirit! Better than any computer
program, He clearly communicates my thoughts and desires in harmony
with the Father’s purposes. The work of the Spirit makes prayer work!

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

What challenges have you experienced in your prayer life? How can you
lean on the Holy Spirit as you seek to pray more passionately to God?

Father, I thank You for the gift of Your Spirit and the privilege of
prayer. Help me to lean on Your Spirit in moments when I don’t know
how to pray.
