http://odb.org/2012/07/28/from-mars/

From Mars?

So God created great sea creatures and every living thing that
moves . . . . Then God said, “Let Us make man in Our image.” —
Genesis 1:21

Today's Scripture: Job 38:4-18

Microbes from Mars fell on the very early Earth . . . , and the
offspring of those microbes are still here—and they are us.” That’s
how one astronomer speculated about how life originated on Mars and
then came to Earth.

Some men and women of science are looking to outer space for the
origins of life on earth, not believing the Bible’s explanation that
God placed mankind, animals, and plant life on earth through special
creation. But how did that supposed microbial life start on a hostile
planet? The bigger question is this: Why is it so difficult to accept
that the earth, uniquely and singularly fitted for life to exist, is
where God created and placed living creatures?

As humans struggle to accept a miraculous beginning of life from the
breath of God (Gen. 2:7), they choose to trust a miracle of a far
different sort—the miracle of life originating from no first cause at
all. Perhaps they could follow the advice Job received: “Listen to
this, O Job; stand still and consider the wondrous works of God” (Job
37:14). And maybe they should try to answer God’s question: “Where
were you when I laid the foundations of the earth?” (38:4).

Praise God for creating such a wonderful place for us to live! We
stand in awe of His marvelous creation.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

Dear Heavenly Father, what an awesome and powerful God You are! You
created life by Your very breath. We praise You and stand in awe of
You. Thank You for Your creation.

Only God could create the cosmos out of nothing.
