http://odb.org/2014/11/18/rooted-love/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_mediu
m=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Rooted Love

Do not forget to do good and to share. —
Hebrews 13:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: Hebrews 13:15-25

When I think of all the wonders of God’s magnificent creation, I am
especially awed by the giant sequoia tree. These amazing behemoths of
the forest can grow to around 300 feet tall with a diameter that
exceeds 20 feet. They can live over 3,000 years and are even fire
resistant. In fact, forest fires pop the sequoia cones open,
distributing their seeds on the forest floor that has been fertilized
by the ashes. Perhaps the most amazing fact is that these trees can
grow in just 3 feet of soil and withstand high winds. Their strength
lies in the fact that their roots intertwine with other sequoias,
providing mutual strength and shared resources.

God’s plan for us is like that. Our ability to stand tall in spite of
the buffeting winds of life is directly related to the love and
support we receive from God and one another. And then, as the writer
of Hebrews says, we are to “do good and to share” (13:16). Think of
how tough it would be to withstand adversity if someone were not
sharing the roots of their strength with us.

There is great power in the entwining gifts of words of encouragement,
prayers of intercession, weeping together, holding each other, and
sometimes just sitting with one another sharing the presence of our
love.

By:  Joe Stowell

Reflect & Pray

Lord, thank You for entwining Your strength into my life. Lead me
today to someone who needs the love of shared strength from resources
that You have given to me.

Let the roots of God’s love in your life be entwined with others who
need your support.
