http://odb.org/2012/09/30/initial-point/

Initial Point

It is written, “Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word
that proceeds from the mouth of God.” —
Matthew 4:4

Today's Scripture: Psalm 119:97-104

If you drive south of our home in Boise, Idaho, you’ll see a volcanic
butte that rises out of the sagebrush on the east side of the road.
This is the initial point from which the state of Idaho was surveyed.

In 1867, four years after Idaho was organized as a territory,
Lafayette Cartee, the Surveyor General of the United States,
commissioned Peter Bell to survey the new territory. Bell took a
sledge and drove a brass post into a little knob on the summit of that
butte, declaring it to be the initial point from which he began his
survey.

The survey established the language of land description in Idaho:
Townships are designated north and south of the initial point; ranges
are designated east and west. With such descriptions, you always know
exactly where you are.

We may read many books, but the Word of God is our “initial point,”
the fixed reference point. John Wesley read widely, but he always
referred to himself as “a man of one book.” Nothing can compare to the
Book of books, the Word of God. When we allow the Bible to be our
guide in all of life, we can say with the psalmist, “How sweet are
Your words to my taste, sweeter than honey to my mouth!” (Ps.
119:103).

By:  David H. Roper

Reflect & Pray

Dear Lord, we are grateful for Your Book. In it we learn of You and
find guidance and direction for our lives. Help us to learn to love
Your Word and to eagerly dig into its pages. Amen.

The Bible is like a compass: if followed, you’re going in the right
direction.
