https://odb.org/2017/10/11/two-winged-sun/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Two-Winged Sun

[The Lord says:] I have heard your prayer and seen your tears.
Isaiah 38:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 38:1–8

For five years, an ancient clay seal remained in a closet in
Jerusalem’s Institute of Archaeology. After the seal was dug up at the
foot of the southern part of Jerusalem’s old city wall, initial
examination failed to establish the significance of the nearly
3,000-year-old object. But then a researcher carefully scrutinized the
letters on the seal, resulting in a major discovery. The inscription,
written in ancient Hebrew, reads: “Belonging to Hezekiah [son of] Ahaz
king of Judah.”

At the center of the seal is a two-winged sun surrounded by two
images symbolizing life. The archaeologists who discovered the seal
believe that King Hezekiah began using this seal as a symbol of God’s
protection after the Lord healed him from a life-threatening illness
(Isa. 38:1–8). Hezekiah had been pleading with the Lord to heal him.
And God heard his prayer. He also gave Hezekiah a sign that He would
indeed do what He had promised, saying, “I will cause the sun’s shadow
to move ten steps backward” (v. 8 nlt ).

The facts related to this archeological artifact give us an
encouraging reminder that the people in the Bible were learning, as we
are, to call on the Lord who hears us when we cry out to Him for help.
And even when His answers are not what we want or expect, we can rest
assured that He is compassionate and He is powerful. The One who
orders the movement of the sun can certainly move in our hearts.

By:  Poh Fang Chia

Reflect & Pray

Dear God, You are great and powerful, yet You care for me. Help me to
believe in Your power and love, and to seek Your help always.

Call out to God; He is wanting to hear from you.
