http://odb.org/2015/12/29/reject-apathy/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Reject Apathy

Whatever you did for one of the least of these brothers and sisters of
mine, you did for me.
Matthew 25:40

Today's Scripture & Insight: Nehemiah 1:1-10

The room was splashed with an assortment of enchanting colors as women
in beautiful saris scurried around, completing the final touches for a
fundraising event. Formerly from India, these women now live in the
USA. Yet they remain concerned for their native country. Upon hearing
about the financial situation of a Christian school for autistic
children in India, they not only heard the need, but they also took it
to heart and responded.

Nehemiah did not allow his comfortable position in life as cupbearer
and confidant to the most powerful man at that time to nullify his
concerns for his countrymen. He talked to people who had just come
from Jerusalem to find out the condition of the city and its citizens
(Neh. 1:2). He learned that “those who survived the exile . . . are in
great trouble and disgrace. The wall of Jerusalem is broken down, and
its gates have been burned with fire” (v. 3).

Nehemiah’s heart broke. He mourned, fasted, and prayed, asking God to
do something about the terrible conditions (v. 4). God enabled
Nehemiah to return to Jerusalem to lead the rebuilding effort (2:1-8).

Nehemiah accomplished great things for his people because he asked
great things of a great God and relied on Him. May God open our eyes
to the needs of those around us, and may He help us to become
passionate and creative problem-solvers who bless others.

By:  Poh Fang Chia

Reflect & Pray

Father, there are great needs all around us. We choose not to give in
to despair or apathy, but look to You for help in doing the task at
hand.

Those who walk with God won’t run from the needs of others.
