https://odb.org/2017/07/16/rooted-2/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=
feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Deep Roots

Then he opened their minds so they could understand the Scriptures.
Luke 24:45

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 24:44–49

The sequoia tree, one of three species of redwoods, is among the
world’s largest and most enduring organisms. It can grow to 300 feet
in height, weigh over 2.5 million pounds (1.1 million kg), and live
for 3,000 years. But the majestic sequoia owes much of its size and
longevity to what lies below the surface. A twelve- to fourteen-foot-
deep matting of roots, spreading over as much as an acre of earth,
firmly grounds its towering height and astonishing weight.

A redwood’s expansive root system, however, is small compared to the
national history, religion, and anticipation that undergird the life
of Jesus. On one occasion He told a group of religious leaders that
the Scriptures they loved and trusted told His story (John 5:39). In
the synagogue of Nazareth He opened the scroll of Isaiah, read a
description of Israel’s Messiah, and said, “Today this Scripture is
fulfilled in your hearing” (Luke 4:21).

Later, after His resurrection, Jesus helped His disciples understand
how the words of Moses, the prophets, and even the songs of Israel
showed why it was necessary for Him to suffer, die, and rise from the
dead (24:46).

What grace and grandeur—to see Jesus rooted in the history and
Scriptures of a nation, and to see how extensively our own lives are
rooted in our need of Him.

By:  Mart DeHaan

Reflect & Pray

Father in heaven, please help us never forget that the history of
Israel and the inspired words of Scripture ground us in seeing our
need of Your Son.

All Scripture helps us see our need of Jesus.
