https://odb.org/2017/03/02/one-of-us/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium
=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

One of Us

Because he himself suffered when he was tempted, he is able to help
those who are being tempted.
Hebrews 2:18

Today's Scripture & Insight: Hebrews 2:9–18

At the memorial service for Charles Schulz (1922–2000), creator of the
beloved Peanuts comic strip, friend and fellow cartoonist Cathy
Guisewite spoke of his humanity and compassion. “He gave everyone in
the world characters who knew exactly how all of us felt, who made us
feel we were never alone. And then he gave the cartoonist himself, and
he made us feel that we were never alone. . . . He encouraged us. He
commiserated with us. He made us feel he was exactly like us.”

When we feel that no one understands or can help us, we are reminded
that Jesus gave us Himself, and He knows exactly who we are and what
we are facing today.

Hebrews 2:9–18 presents the remarkable truth that Jesus fully shared
our humanity during His life on earth (v. 14). He “taste[d] death for
everyone” (v. 9), broke the power of Satan (v. 14), and freed “those
who all their lives were held in slavery by their fear of death” (v.
15). Jesus was made like us, “fully human in every way, in order that
he might become a merciful and faithful high priest in service to God”
(v. 17). Thank You, Lord, for sharing our humanity so that we might
know Your help today and live in Your presence forever.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

What fears and concerns do you have? What should you do with those
fears? (1 Peter 5:6–7). What does the Lord promise to do for you?
(Heb. 13:5). For further study read Is Jesus God? at
discoveryseries.org/q0205.

No one understands like Jesus.
