http://odb.org/2012/12/11/emotional-betrayals/

Emotional Betrayals

[Jesus] found them sleeping, and said . . . , “Could you not watch
with Me one hour?” —
Matthew 26:40

Today's Scripture: Matthew 26:36-46

Some years back, another man and I were reading together Matthew 26
about Jesus in the Garden of Gethsemane. “I know this much,” he told
me as we read along, “if I’d been with Jesus in Gethsemane, I’d have
had His back. No way would I have fallen asleep!” Indignant, he
continued, “How could anyone fall asleep after hearing Jesus tell them
how troubled He was? He was practically begging!” (v.38).

Knowing that our families struggled with our long work hours, I
wondered out loud to my friend: “How many times have our children
looked for us in the crowd at their school activities, hoping to see
us? Do our kids face troubles alone because we are away or busy? Our
families and friends have an intense need for personal attention from
us. Even Jesus asked His disciples to watch and pray with Him” (see
vv.40-45).

It is not a simple thing to balance life’s demands against the needs
of those we love and serve, but failing to do so is emotional
betrayal. As we think about the disciples disappointing Jesus in the
Garden, we might want to consider the ways we can today show our care
for our loved ones and their interests. Help us, Lord, to love others
well.

By:  Randy Kilgore

Reflect & Pray

Open my eyes, Lord, to people around me, Help me to see them as You do
above; Give me the wisdom and strength to take action, So others may
see the depth of Your love. —K. DeHaan

One measure of our love for Christ is our sensitivity to the needs of
others.
