http://odb.org/2014/08/09/finding-gods-pathway/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Finding God’s Pathway

Your way was in the sea, Your path in the great waters. —
Psalm 77:19

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 77:10-20

The Channel Tunnel opened on May 6, 1994, nearly two centuries after
it was first proposed in 1802 by Napoleon’s engineer, Albert Mathieu.
Today the 31-mile passage beneath the English Channel allows thousands
of people, cars, and trucks to travel by train each day between
England and France. For centuries, people had sailed across the
Channel until this surprising new way to go under it was completed.

God planned an unexpected route for His people too—one we read about
in Exodus 14:10-22. Faced with certain death, either from Pharaoh’s
army or by drowning, the Israelites were near panic. But God parted
the Red Sea and they walked through on dry land. Years later, the
psalm writer Asaph used this event as evidence of God’s mighty power,
“Your road led through the sea, your pathway through the mighty
waters—a pathway no one knew was there! You led Your people along that
road like a flock of sheep, with Moses and Aaron as their shepherds”
(Ps. 77:19-20 nlt).

God can create roads where we see only obstacles. When the way ahead
of us seems uncertain, it’s good to remember what God has done in the
past. He specializes in pathways in any circumstance—pathways that
point us to His love and power.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Thank You, God, for the miraculous ways You have worked in the past.
Help me to remember Your power and faithfulness when I can see only
trouble and difficulty.

The God who created a way for our salvation can certainly see us
through our daily trials.
