http://odb.org/2013/12/25/christingle/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_mediu
m=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Christingle

That was the true Light which gives light to every man coming into the
world. —
John 1:9

Today's Scripture: 1 John 1:1-7

In the Czech Republic and other places, the Christmas celebration
includes “Christingles.” A Christingle is an orange, representing the
world, with a candle placed in the top of it to symbolize Christ the
light of the world. A red ribbon encircles the orange, symbolizing the
blood of Jesus. Four toothpicks with dried fruits are placed through
the ribbon into the sides of the orange, representing the fruits of
the earth.

This simple visual aid vividly represents the purpose behind Christ’s
coming—to bring light into the darkness and to redeem a broken world
by shedding His blood.

In John’s account of Christ’s life, the disciple describes Jesus as
the Light of the world. He wrote of Christ: “That was the true Light
which gives light to every man coming into the world” (John 1:9). Not
only did Christ the Light come to penetrate our world’s darkness, but
He is also “The Lamb of God who takes away the sin of the world!”
(v.29).

Think of it! The baby of Bethlehem became the living, risen Christ who
has rescued us from our sin. And so John instructs us to “walk in the
light as He is in the light” (1 John 1:7). May all who have
experienced His rescue find in Jesus the peace of walking in His
light.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Yet in thy dark streets shineth The everlasting Light; The hopes and
fears of all the years Are met in Thee tonight. —Brooks

The newborn Christ-child became the Light of the world and the Lamb of
God.
