http://odb.org/2015/04/18/outrunning-cheetahs/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Outrunning Cheetahs

The grass withers, the flower fades . . . . But those who wait on the
Lord shall renew their strength. —
Isaiah 40:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 40:6-11,28-31

The majestic African cheetah is known for reaching speeds of 112 kph
(70 mph) in short bursts, but it doesn’t do so well over distances. A
BBC news item reports that four members of a northeast Kenyan village
actually outran two cheetahs in a 4-mile footrace.

It seems that two large cheetahs had been feeding on village goats. So
the four men came up with a plan to stop them. They waited until the
hottest part of the day and then gave chase to the cats, tracking them
down when the animals couldn’t run any farther. The exhausted cheetahs
were safely captured and turned over to the Kenyan wildlife service
for relocation.

Can we see ourselves in the cheetah? Our strengths might seem
impressive, but they are short-lived. As the prophet Isaiah reminds
us, we are like wildflowers that soon wither under the heat of the sun
(40:6-8).

Yet it is at the end of ourselves that our God offers us comfort. A
surprise rises up to meet those who wait on the Lord. In His time and
ways, He can renew our strength. By His Spirit He can enable us to
rise up on “wings like eagles” or to “run and not be weary, [to] walk
and not faint” (v.31).

By:  Mart DeHaan

Reflect & Pray

Lord, forgive us for the many times that we rely on our short-lived
strength. Help us see that all good gifts come from You, and that You
are the never-failing source of our strength, hope, and joy.

When we draw near to God, our minds are refreshed and our strength is
renewed.
