https://odb.org/2020/01/11/the-king-2/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_mediu
m=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Only King

They bowed down and worshiped him.
Matthew 2:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 2:1–12

As five-year-old Eldon listened to the pastor talk about Jesus leaving
heaven and coming to earth, he gasped when the pastor thanked Him in
prayer for dying for our sins. “Oh, no! He died?” the boy said in
surprise.

From the start of Christ’s life on earth, there were people who wanted
Him dead. Wise men came to Jerusalem during the reign of King Herod
inquiring, “Where is the one who has been born king of the Jews? We
saw his star when it rose and have come to worship him” (Matthew 2:2).
When the king heard this, he became fearful of one day losing his
position to Jesus. So he sent soldiers to kill all the boys two years
old and younger around Bethlehem. But God protected His Son and sent
an angel to warn His parents to leave the area. They fled, and He was
saved (vv. 13–18).

When Jesus completed His ministry, He was crucified for the sins of
the world. The sign placed above His cross, though meant in mockery,
read, “ This is Jesus, the King of the Jews ” (27:37). Yet three days
later He rose in victory from the grave. After ascending to heaven, He
sat down on the throne as King of kings and Lord of lords (Philippians
2:8–11).

The King died for our sins—yours, mine, and Eldon’s. Let’s allow Him
to rule in our hearts.

By:  Anne Cetas

Reflect & Pray

What does it mean for you to have Jesus as your King? Are there areas
of your life where He’s not?

Jesus, thank You for willingly dying for our sins and offering
forgiveness. Teach us to submit to Your rule. To learn more about
Christ’s life, visit christianuniversity.org/tgs.
