https://odb.org/2020/04/18/being-cared-for/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Being Cared For

The Lord Almighty is with us.
Psalm 46:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 46

Debbie, the owner of a housecleaning service, was always searching for
more clients to build up her business. On one call she talked with a
woman whose response was, “I won’t be able to afford that now; I’m
undergoing cancer treatment.” Right then Debbie decided that “no woman
undergoing cancer treatment would ever be turned away. They would even
be offered a free housecleaning service.” So in 2005 she started a
nonprofit organization where companies donated their cleaning services
to women battling cancer. One such woman felt a rush of confidence
when she came home to a clean house. She said, “For the first time, I
actually believed I could beat cancer.”

A feeling of being cared for and supported can help sustain us when
we’re facing a challenge. An awareness of God’s presence and support
can especially bring hope to encourage our spirit. Psalm 46, a
favorite of many people going through trials, reminds us: “God is our
refuge and strength, an ever-present help in trouble” and “Be still,
and know that I am God; . . . I will be exalted in the earth. The Lord
Almighty is with us” (vv. 1, 10–11).

Reminding ourselves of God’s promises and His presence with us can be
a means to help renew our hearts and give us the courage and
confidence to go through hard times.

By:  Anne Cetas

Reflect & Pray

For what trials are you depending on God for strength? What Bible
verses help you?

I’m grateful, God, for Your presence and Your promises. May I live
out an attitude of confidence in You and Your ability to sustain me.
To learn more about why life can sometimes feel unfair, visit
bit.ly/2YeZilB.
