https://odb.org/2019/08/15/the-contents-of-lincolns-pockets/?utm_sourc
e=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Da
ily+Bread%29

Lincoln’s Pockets

Each of us should please our neighbors for their good, to build them
up.
Romans 15:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 15:1–6

The night US president Abraham Lincoln was shot at Ford’s Theater in
1865, his pockets contained the following: two spectacles, a lens
polisher, a pocketknife, a watch fob, a handkerchief, a leather wallet
containing a five-dollar Confederate bill, and eight newspaper
clippings, including several that praised him and his policies.

I wonder what the Confederate money was doing in the president’s
pocket, but I have little doubt about the glowing news stories.
Everyone needs encouragement, even a great leader like Lincoln! Can
you see him, in the moments before the fateful play, perhaps reading
them to his wife?

Who do you know who needs encouragement? Everyone! Look around you.
There isn’t one person in your line of vision who is as confident as
they seem. We’re all one failure, snide comment, or bad hair day away
from self-doubt.

What if we all obeyed God’s command to “please our neighbors for their
good, to build them up”? (Romans 15:2). What if we determined only to
speak “gracious words” that are “sweet to the soul and healing to the
bones”? (Proverbs 16:24). What if we wrote these words down, so
friends could reread and savor them? Then we’d all have notes in our
pockets (or on our phones!). And we’d be more like Jesus, who “did not
please himself” but lived for others (Romans 15:3).

By:  Mike Wittmer

Reflect & Pray

Whose words have most encouraged you? Who might need encouragement
that you’ve been overlooking?

Loving God, help me to encourage others with my words, actions, and
presence.
