https://odb.org/2018/06/05/a-blind-mans-plea/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Blind Man’s Plea

Jesus, Son of David, have mercy on me!
Luke 18:38

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 18:35–43

Some years ago a traveling companion noticed I was straining to see
objects at a distance. What he did next was simple but life changing.
He took off his glasses and said, “Try these.” When I put his glasses
on, surprisingly my blurred vision cleared up. Eventually I went to an
optometrist who prescribed glasses to correct my vision problem.

Today’s reading in Luke 18 features a man with no vision at all, and
living in total darkness had forced him to beg for a living.
News about Jesus, the popular teacher and miracle worker, had reached
the blind beggar’s ears. So when Jesus’s travel route took Him by
where the blind man was sitting, hope was ignited in his heart.
“Jesus, Son of David, have mercy on me!” (v. 38) he called. Though
without sight physically, the man possessed spiritual insight into
Jesus’s true identity and faith in Him to meet his need. Compelled by
this faith, “He shouted all the more, ‘Son of David, have mercy on
me!’” (v. 39). The result? His blindness was banished, and he went
from begging for his living to blessing God because he could see (v.
43).

In moments or seasons of darkness, where do you turn? Upon what or to
whom do you call? Eyeglass prescriptions help improve vision, but it’s
the merciful touch of Jesus, God’s Son, that brings people from
spiritual darkness to light.

By:  Arthur Jackson

Reflect & Pray

Father, open the eyes of my heart to clearly see who Jesus is and what
He can do.

The Father’s delight is to give sight to those who ask Him.
