https://odb.org/2020/01/27/friendship-bench/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Friendship Bench

The Lord would speak to Moses face to face, as one speaks to a friend.
Exodus 33:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: Exodus 33:9–11

In the African country of Zimbabwe, war trauma and high unemployment
can leave people in despair—until they find hope on a “friendship
bench.” Hopeless people can go there to talk with trained
“grandmothers”—elderly women taught to listen to people struggling
with depression, known in that nation’s Shona language as kufungisisa,
or “thinking too much.”

The Friendship Bench Project is being launched in other places,
including Zanzibar, London, and New York City. “We were thrilled to
bits with the results,” said one London researcher. A New York
counselor agreed. “Before you know it, you’re not on a bench, you’re
just inside a warm conversation with someone who cares.”

The project evokes the warmth and wonder of talking with our Almighty
God. Moses put up not a bench but a tent to commune with God, calling
it the tent of meeting. There, “the Lord would speak to Moses face to
face, as one speaks to a friend” (Exodus 33:11). Joshua, his
assistant, wouldn’t even leave the tent, perhaps because he so valued
his time with God (v. 11).

Today we no longer need a tent of meeting. Jesus has brought the
Father near. As He told His disciples, “I have called you friends, for
everything that I learned from my Father I have made known to you”
(John 15:15). Yes, our God awaits us. He’s our heart’s wisest helper,
our understanding Friend. Talk with Him now.

By:  Patricia Raybon

Reflect & Pray

What worries consume your thoughts today? As you talk to God about
these concerns, what good thoughts about Him can you focus on instead?

Dear God, thank You for encouraging our hearts with noble thoughts of
You. When we’re sick with worry, point our minds back to You.
