https://odb.org/2018/10/18/a-piercing-thorn/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Piercing Thorn

But he was pierced for our transgressions . . . and by his wounds we
are healed.
Isaiah 53:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 53:1–6

The thorn pricked my index finger, drawing blood. I hollered and then
groaned, drawing back my hand instinctively. But I shouldn’t have been
surprised: trying to prune a thorny bush without gardening gloves was
a recipe for exactly what just happened.

The pain throbbing in my finger—and the blood flowing from it—demanded
attention. And as I searched for a bandage, I found myself
unexpectedly thinking about my Savior. After all, soldiers forced
Jesus to don an entire crown of thorns (John 19:1–3). If one thorn
hurt this much, I thought, how much agony would an entire crown of
them inflict? And that’s just a small portion of the physical pain He
suffered. A whip flogged His back. Nails penetrated His wrists and
ankles.

But Jesus endured spiritual pain too. Verse 5 of Isaiah 53 tells us,
“But he was pierced for our transgressions, he was crushed for our
iniquities; the punishment that brought us peace was on him.” The
“peace” Isaiah talks about here is another way of talking about
forgiveness. Jesus allowed Himself to be pierced—by nails, by a crown
of thorns—to bring us spiritual peace with God. His sacrifice, His
willingness to die on our behalf, paved the way to make a relationship
with the Father possible. And He did it, Scripture tells us, for me,
for you.

By:  Adam R. Holz

Reflect & Pray

Father, I can’t imagine the pain Your Son endured to wash away my sin.
Thank You for sending Him for me, to be pierced for my sins that I
might have a relationship with You.

Jesus allowed Himself to be pierced to bring us spiritual peace with
God.
