https://odb.org/2019/07/02/the-rule-of-peace/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

How to Find Peace

Let the peace of Christ rule in your hearts, since as members of one
body you were called to peace.
Colossians 3:15

Today's Scripture & Insight: Colossians 3:12–17

“What do you think about peace?” my friend asked as we ate lunch
together. “Peace?” I said, puzzled. “I’m not sure—why do you ask?” He
answered, “Well, as you jiggled your foot during the church service I
wondered if you’re agitated about something. Have you considered the
peace God gives to those who love Him?”

That day some years ago, I was a bit hurt by my friend’s question, but
it started me on a journey. I began exploring the Bible to see how
God’s people embraced this gift of well-being, of peace, even in the
midst of hardship. As I read Paul’s letter to the Colossians, I chewed
over the apostle’s command to let the peace of Christ rule in their
hearts (Colossians 3:15).

Paul was writing to a church he’d never visited but had heard about
from his friend Epaphras. He was concerned that as they encountered
false teaching, they were losing the peace of Christ. But instead of
admonishing them, Paul encouraged them to trust Jesus, who would give
them assurance and hope (v. 15).

We all will encounter times when we can choose to embrace or refuse
the rule of Christ’s peace in our hearts. As we turn to Him, asking
Jesus to dwell in us, He will gently release us from the anxiety and
cares that weigh us down. As we seek His peace, we trust that He will
meet us with His love.

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

What situations or relationships weigh on your mind and heart? How can
you ask Jesus to bring you His peace?

Jesus, You give peace that passes all understanding. Help me embrace
Your peace in every area of my life.
