https://odb.org/2021/04/12/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Serving the Least

The King will reply, “Truly I tell you, whatever you did for one of
the least of these brothers and sisters of mine, you did for me.”
Matthew 25:40

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 25:31–40

His name is Spencer. But everybody calls him “Spence.” He was a state
track champion in high school; then he went on to attend a prestigious
university on a full academic scholarship. He lives now in one of
America’s largest cities and is highly respected in the field of
chemical engineering. But if you were to ask Spence his greatest
achievements to date, he wouldn’t mention any of those things. He
would excitedly tell you about the trips he makes to Nicaragua every
few months to check in on the kids and teachers in the tutoring
program he helped establish in one of the poorest areas of the
country. And he’d tell you how enriched his life has been by serving
them.

“The least of these.” It’s a phrase people use in a variety of ways,
yet Jesus used it to describe those who, according to the world’s
standards, have little or nothing to offer us in return for our
service. They are the men and women and children the world often
overlooks—if not forgets completely. Yet it’s exactly those people
Jesus elevates to such a beautiful status by saying, “Whatever you did
[for them], you did for me” (Matthew 25:40). You don’t have to have a
degree from a prestigious university to understand Christ’s meaning:
serving “the least” is the same as serving Him. All it really takes is
a willing heart.

By:  John Blase

Reflect & Pray

Who comes to mind when you hear the phrase “the least of these”?
What’s something you could do for them?

King Jesus, I’m afraid I make serving You harder than it is. Your
words are clear—You call me to the least and the littlest, perhaps in
Nicaragua or maybe in my neighborhood. Give me courage to serve.
