http://odb.org/2016/02/08/cant-take-it-back/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Can’t Take It Back

The fruit of the Spirit is . . . gentleness and self-control.
Galatians 5:22-23

Today's Scripture & Insight: Galatians 5:13-26

I couldn’t take my actions back. A woman had parked her car and
blocked my way of getting to the gas pump. She hopped out to drop off
some recycling items, and I didn’t feel like waiting, so I honked my
horn at her. Irritated, I put my car in reverse and drove around
another way. I immediately felt bad about being impatient and
unwilling to wait 30 seconds (at the most) for her to move. I
apologized to God. Yes, she should have parked in the designated area,
but I could have spread kindness and patience instead of harshness.
Unfortunately it was too late to apologize to her—she was gone.

Many of the Proverbs challenge us to think about how to respond when
people get in the way of our plans. There’s the one that says, “Fools
show their annoyance at once” (Prov. 12:16). And “It is to one’s honor
to avoid strife, but every fool is quick to quarrel” (20:3). Then
there’s this one that goes straight to the heart: “Fools give full
vent to their rage, but the wise bring calm in the end” (29:11).

Growing in patience and kindness seems pretty difficult sometimes. But
the apostle Paul says it is the work of God, the “fruit of the Spirit”
(Gal. 5:22-23). As we cooperate with Him and depend on Him, He
produces that fruit in us. Please change us, Lord.

By:  Anne Cetas

Reflect & Pray

Make me a gentle person, Lord. One who doesn’t quickly react in
frustration to every annoyance that comes my way. Give me a spirit of
self-control and patience. To study more about the fruit of the
Spirit, read the Discovery Series booklet Live Free by Constantine
Campbell.

God tests our patience to enlarge our hearts.
