http://odb.org/2012/01/18/regaining-our-balance/

Regaining Our Balance

Take up the whole armor of God, that you may be able to withstand in
the evil day, and having done all, to stand. —
Ephesians 6:13

Today's Scripture: Ephesians 6:10-18

For the last few years, my wife, Marlene, has suffered from inner-ear
problems that cause her to lose her equilibrium. Without warning,
something inside her ear is upset and she becomes dizzy. If she tries
to sit or stand, a condition called vertigo makes that impossible—and
she has to lie down. No amount of effort can compensate for the power
of the inner ear to disrupt and disturb. An active person, Marlene
finds these unwelcome episodes frustrating.

Sometimes life is like that. Something unexpected upsets our routine,
and we are knocked off-balance. Perhaps it’s bad news about our job
being eliminated or disturbing test results from our doctor. It may
even be an attack from our spiritual enemy. In each case, our
emotional equilibrium is hammered, and we feel as if we can’t stand.

Those moments should cause us to turn to God. When we feel we are
losing our balance, He can help. He provides spiritual resources to
help us stand. Paul says, “Take up the whole armor of God, that you
may be able to withstand in the evil day, and having done all, to
stand” (Eph. 6:13).

When life knocks us off our feet, we don’t have to be frustrated. With
God’s strength lifting us up and God’s armor protecting us, we can
still stand strong.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

With patience in His love I’ll rest, And whisper that He knoweth best,
Then, clinging to that guiding hand, A weakling, in His strength I’ll
stand. —Pentecost

We can endure anything if we depend on God for everything.
