http://odb.org/2015/11/18/reflecting-the-son/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Reflecting the Son

The light shines in the darkness, and the darkness has not overcome
it.
John 1:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 5:14-16

Due to its location among sheer mountains and its northern latitude,
Rjukan, Norway, does not see natural sunlight from October to March.
To lighten up the town, the citizens installed large mirrors on the
mountainside to reflect the sunrays and beam sunlight into the town
square. The continuous glow is made possible because the giant mirrors
rotate with the rising and setting sun.

I like to think of the Christian life as a similar scenario. Jesus
said His followers are “the light of the world” (Matt. 5:14). John the
disciple wrote that Christ the true light “shines in the darkness”
(John 1:5). So too, Jesus invites us to reflect our light into the
darkness around us: “Let your light shine before others, that they may
see your good deeds and glorify your Father in heaven” (Matt. 5:16).
That is a call for us to show love in the face of hatred, patience in
response to trouble, and peace in moments of conflict. As the apostle
Paul reminds us, “For you were once darkness, but now you are light in
the Lord. Live as children of light” (Eph. 5:8).

Jesus also said, “I am the light of the world. Whoever follows me will
never walk in darkness, but will have the light of life” (John 8:12).
Our light is a reflection of Jesus the Son. Just as without the sun
the large mirrors of Rjukan would have no light to reflect, so too we
can do nothing without Jesus.

By:  Lawrence Darmani

Reflect & Pray

Teach us, Lord, what it is to reflect Your light, especially when
life’s demands can tempt us to live selfishly. Help us today to live
in Your love.

Reflect the Son and shine for Him.
