http://odb.org/2016/11/06/a-safe-place/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Safe Place

That is what some of you were. But you were washed, you were
sanctified, you were justified in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ
and by the Spirit of our God.
1 Corinthians 6:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Corinthians 6:9–11; 13:4–7

A young Japanese man had a problem—he was afraid of leaving his house.
To avoid other people, he slept through the day and stayed up all
night watching TV. He was a hikikomori or a modern-day hermit. The
problem began when he stopped going to school because of poor grades.
The longer he remained apart from society, the more he felt like a
social misfit. Eventually he broke off all communication with his
friends and family. He was helped on his journey to recovery, though,
by visiting a youth club in Tokyo known as an ibasho—a safe place
where broken people could start reintroducing themselves to society.

What if we thought of the church as an ibasho—and far more? Without a
doubt, we are a community of broken people. When the apostle Paul
wrote to the church in Corinth he described their former way of life
as anti-social, harmful, and dangerous to themselves and others (1
Cor. 6:9–10). But in Jesus they were being transformed and made whole.
And Paul encouraged these rescued people to love one another, to be
patient and kind, not to be jealous or proud or rude (13:4–7).

The church is to be an ibasho where all of us, no matter what
struggles or brokenness we face, can know and experience God’s love.
May the hurting world experience the compassion of Christ from all who
follow Him.

By:  Poh Fang Chia

Reflect & Pray

Dear Lord, thank You for paying the penalty for my sins by Your death
and resurrection and giving me new life. Help me to live a life that
honors Your holy name and to love others as You have loved me.

Only God can transform a sin-stained soul into a masterpiece of grace.
