https://odb.org/2018/05/23/the-babushka-lady/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Babushka Lady

Let all Israel be assured of this: God has made this Jesus, whom you
crucified, both Lord and Messiah.
Acts 2:36

Today's Scripture: Acts 2:22–36

The “Babushka Lady” is one of the mysteries surrounding the 1963
assassination of US President John F. Kennedy. Captured on film
recording the events with a movie camera, she has proven to be
elusive. This mystery woman, wearing an overcoat and scarf (resembling
a Russian babushka), has never been identified and her film has never
been seen. For decades, historians and scholars have speculated that
fear has prevented the “Babushka Lady” from telling her story of that
dark November day.

No speculation is needed to understand why Jesus’s disciples hid. They
cowered in fear because of the authorities who had killed their
Master (John 20:19)—reluctant to come forward and declare their
experience. But then Jesus rose from the grave. The Holy Spirit soon
arrived and you couldn’t keep those once-timid followers of Christ
quiet! On the day of Pentecost, a Spirit-empowered Simon Peter
declared, “Let all Israel be assured of this: God has made this Jesus,
whom you crucified, both Lord and Messiah” (Acts 2:36).

The opportunity to boldly speak in Jesus’s name is not limited to
those with daring personalities or career ministry training. It is the
indwelling Spirit who enables us to tell the good news of Jesus. By
His strength, we can experience the courage to share our Savior with
others.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Lord, please give me the strength and boldness to talk to others about
You.

Speak of the matchless love of Christ to those who need to hear.
