http://odb.org/2012/05/19/a-sense-of-history/

A Sense Of History

All these things happened to them as examples, and they were written
for our admonition. —
1 Corinthians 10:11

Today's Scripture: 1 Corinthians 10:1-13

As my wife and I toured the British Museum, we were struck by the
history and legacy contained in that massive facility in London. We
looked at artifacts that were centuries older than anything found in
the United States, reminding me how valuable it is to have a sense of
history. History gives us a record of perspective, context, and
consequences that can help us make wise choices as we learn from both
the successes and failures of those who have gone before us.

Paul also saw the value of embracing the lessons of history. He warned
of the destructive nature of bad choices by recounting the story of
the children of Israel and their wilderness wanderings—a result of
their refusal to trust God and enter the Promised Land (see Num. 14).
Then Paul told the believers in Corinth, “All these things happened to
them as examples, and they were written for our admonition, upon whom
the ends of the ages have come” (1 Cor. 10:11).

God has given us the Bible, partly to help us learn from the history
of His people. Biblical lessons contain both examples and warnings to
guard us against our worst inclinations and to lead us into wiser
living. The question is whether we will learn from the lessons of the
past or repeat the mistakes of those who came before us.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Lord, teach us from the stories in Your Word. We know You’ve put them
there to guide us and give us wisdom. Help us to make obedience out of
love for You our purpose. Amen.

Valuable lessons are learned from examining the lives of God’s people
who’ve gone before.
