http://odb.org/2014/08/23/keeping-darkness-at-bay/?utm_source=feedburn
er&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%
29

Keeping Darkness At Bay

Let your light so shine before men, that they may see your good works
and glorify your Father. —
Matthew 5:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 5:11-16

In J. R. R. Tolkien’s book The Hobbit, the wizard Gandalf explains why
he has selected a small hobbit like Bilbo to accompany the dwarves to
fight the enemy. He says, “Saruman believes it is only great power
that can hold evil in check, but that is not what I have found. I
found it is the small everyday deeds of ordinary folk that keep the
darkness at bay. Small acts of kindness and love.”

That’s what Jesus teaches us as well. Warning us that we would live in
dark times, He reminded us that because of Him we are “the light of
the world” (Matt. 5:14) and that our good deeds would be the power
against the darkness for the glory of God (v.16). And Peter, writing
to believers in Christ who were facing severe persecution, told them
to live so that those accusing them would “by [their] good works which
they observe, glorify God” (1 Peter 2:12).

There is one force that the darkness cannot conquer—the force of
loving acts of kindness done in Jesus’ name. It is God’s people who
turn the other cheek, go the extra mile, and forgive and even love
their enemies who oppose them who have the power to turn the tide
against evil. So look for the privileged opportunity to perform acts
of kindness today to bring the light of Christ to others.

By:  Joe Stowell

Reflect & Pray

Lord, teach me the folly of trying to repay evil for evil. May I be so
grateful to You for the loving acts of kindness that You have shown me
that I gladly look to share good deeds with others as well!

Light up your world with an act of kindness.
