http://odb.org/2015/03/28/trail-trees/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_mediu
m=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Trail Trees

They pierced My hands and My feet. . . . They divide My garments among
them, and for My clothing they cast lots. —
Psalm 22:16-18

Today's Scripture: Isaiah 53:4-12

In recent years, my daughter has become fascinated with the history of
the indigenous people in northern Michigan where she lives. One summer
afternoon when I was visiting, she showed me a road that had a sign
designating “Trail Trees.” She explained to me that it’s believed that
long ago the Native Americans bent young trees to point the way to
specific destinations and that they continued to grow in an unusual
shape.

The Old Testament serves a similar purpose. Many commands and
teachings of the Bible direct our hearts to the way the Lord wants us
to live. The Ten Commandments are great examples of that. But in
addition, the prophets of the Old Testament pointed the way to a
coming Messiah. Thousands of years before Jesus came, they spoke of
Bethlehem—Jesus’ birthplace (see Micah 5:2 and Matt. 2:1-6). They
described Jesus’ death on the cross in striking detail (see Ps.
22:14-18 and John 19:23-24). And Isaiah 53:1-12 points to the
sacrifice Jesus would make as the Lord “laid on Him the iniquity of us
all” (v.6; see Luke 23:33).

Millennia ago, God’s Old Testament servants pointed to God’s
Son—Jesus—the One who has now “borne our griefs and carried our
sorrows” (Isa. 53:4). He is the way to life.

By:  Cindy Hess Kasper

Reflect & Pray

Thank You for the simple message of salvation. Jesus, You are the way,
the truth, and the life. Thank You for giving Your life for me. I love
You.

Jesus sacrificed His life for ours.
