https://odb.org/2020/06/24/debt-eraser/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Debt Eraser

[Jesus Christ] loves us and has freed us from our sins by his blood.
Revelation 1:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: Revelation 1:4–7

Stunned is just one word that describes the response of the crowd at
the 2019 graduation ceremony at Morehouse College in Atlanta, Georgia.
The commencement speaker announced that he and his family would be
donating millions of dollars to erase the student debt of the entire
graduating class. One student—with $100,000 in loans—was among the
overwhelmed graduates who expressed their joys with tears and shouts.

Most of us have experienced indebtedness in some form—having to pay
for homes, vehicles, education, medical expenses, or other things. But
we’ve also known the amazing relief of a bill being stamped “PAID”!

After declaring Jesus as “the faithful witness, the firstborn from the
dead, and the ruler of the kings of the earth,” John worshipfully
acknowledged His debt-erasing work: “To him who loves us and has freed
us from our sins by his blood” (Revelation 1:5). This statement is
simple but its meaning is profound. Better than the surprise
announcement the Morehouse graduating class heard is the good news
that the death of Jesus (the shedding of His blood on the cross) frees
us from the penalty that our sinful attitudes, desires, and deeds
deserve. Because that debt has been satisfied, those who believe in
Jesus are forgiven and become a part of God’s kingdom family (v. 6).
This good news is the best news of all!

By:  Arthur Jackson

Reflect & Pray

If you haven’t received forgiveness through faith in Christ, what’s
keeping you from accepting His free gift? When was the last time you
worshiped and thanked God for the forgiveness and new life He’s
provided?

Jesus, thank You for Your death that erased my debt; I’m eternally
grateful!
