https://odb.org/2019/03/07/a-gentle-whisper/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Escaping the Noise

After the fire came a gentle whisper.
1 Kings 19:12

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Kings 19:9–13

Several years ago, the president of a college suggested that students
join her in “powering down” for an evening. Although the students
agreed, it was with great reluctance that they laid aside their cell
phones and entered the chapel. For the next hour, they sat quietly in
a service of music and prayer. Afterward, one participant described
the experience as “a wonderful opportunity to calm down . . . a place
to just tune out all of the extra noise.”

Sometimes, it’s difficult to escape “extra noise.” The clamor of both
our external and internal worlds can be deafening. But when we’re
willing to “power down,” we begin to understand the psalmist’s
reminder of the necessity to be still so we can know God (Psalm
46:10). In 1 Kings 19, we discover as well that when the prophet
Elijah looked for the Lord, he didn’t find Him in the pandemonium of
the wind or the earthquake or the fire (vv. 9–13). Instead, Elijah
heard God’s gentle whisper (v. 12).

Extra noise is practically guaranteed during celebrations. When
families and friends come together, it’s likely a time of animated
conversations, excess food, boisterous laughter, and sweet expressions
of love. But when we quietly open our hearts, we find that time with
God is even sweeter. Like Elijah, we’re more likely to encounter God
in the stillness. And sometimes, if we listen, we too will hear that
gentle whisper.

By:  Cindy Hess Kasper

Reflect & Pray

What will help you draw close to God in silence and solitude? How can
you regularly “power down” both your devices and your busy mind?

It’s in the stillness we’re most likely to hear God’s gentle whisper.
