http://odb.org/2013/07/28/the-wisdom-of-crowds/

The Wisdom Of Crowds

Where there is no counsel, the people fall; but in the multitude of
counselors there is safety. —
Proverbs 11:14

Today's Scripture: 1 Corinthians 1:18-25

The online description of The Wisdom of Crowds reads, “In this
fascinating book, New Yorker business columnist James Surowiecki
explores a deceptively simple idea: Large groups of people are smarter
than an elite few, no matter how brilliant—better at solving problems,
fostering innovation, coming to wise decisions, even predicting the
future.”

The author uses a variety of things, ranging from pop culture to
politics, to present one basic thought: More often than not, the crowd
gets it right. It’s an interesting theory, but one that would probably
be debated during election years or when someone’s favorite contestant
is voted off a reality TV show.

While the Bible makes it clear that the wisdom of crowds may not be
reliable and can be dangerous (Matt. 7:13-14), there is another way
collective wisdom can be helpful. In Proverbs 11:14, we read, “Where
there is no counsel, the people fall; but in the multitude of
counselors there is safety.” One of the benefits of the body of Christ
is that we can assist one another—in part by working together to seek
God’s wisdom. When we join together to pursue God’s purposes, we find
safety in His provision of each other and receive His wisdom for the
challenges of life.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Immortal, invisible, God only wise, In light inaccessible hid from our
eyes, Most blessed, most glorious, the Ancient of Days, Almighty,
victorious, Thy great name we praise. —Smith

We best pursue the wisdom of God when we pursue it together.
