http://odb.org/2011/02/22/greater-compassion/

Greater Compassion

Can a woman forget her nursing child, and not have compassion on the
son of her womb? Surely they may forget, yet I will not forget you. —
Isaiah 49:15

Today's Scripture: Isaiah 49:13-18

I first met my wife, Marlene, in college. I was majoring in pastoral
studies, and she was working on a degree in elementary education. The
first time I saw her working with children, I knew what a natural fit
this was for her. She loved children. It became even more obvious when
we got married and had children of our own. Seeing her with them was
an education in unconditional love and acceptance. It was clear to me
that there is nothing in all the world like the tender love and
compassion of a mother for her newborn child.

That’s what makes Isaiah 49:15 so remarkable. It’s here that God told
His people, who were feeling forsaken and forgotten (v.14), that His
compassion is even greater than a mother’s: “Can a woman forget her
nursing child, and not have compassion on the son of her womb? Surely
they may forget, yet I will not forget you.”

Sometimes we face struggles in life, and we are tempted to think that
God has forgotten us. We may even believe that God no longer loves us.
But God’s love for us is as expansive as the open arms of Christ on
the cross. And the tender compassion of our heavenly Father is more
dependable and more enduring than the love of a nursing mother for her
infant. Be comforted—His love never fails.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

God will not forget His children Nor will He forsake our care; His
compassion is enduring— Even when we’re unaware. —Sper

God’s love for us is as expansive as the open arms of Christ on the
cross.
