http://odb.org/2016/11/11/seeing-well/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_mediu
m=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Seeing Well

You are my friends if you do what I command.
John 15:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 15:12–17

Raleigh looks like a powerful dog—he is large and muscular and has a
thick coat of fur. And he weighs over 100 pounds! Despite his
appearance, Raleigh connects well with people. His owner takes him to
nursing homes and hospitals to bring people a smile.

Once, a four-year-old girl spotted Raleigh across a room. She wanted
to pet him, but was afraid to get close. Eventually, her curiosity
overcame her sense of caution and she spent several minutes talking to
him and petting him. She discovered that he is a gentle creature, even
though he is powerful.

The combination of these qualities reminds me of what we read about
Jesus in the New Testament. Jesus was approachable—He welcomed little
children (Matt. 19:13–15). He was kind to an adulterous woman in a
desperate situation (John 8:1–11). Compassion motivated Him to teach
crowds (Mark 6:34). At the same time, Jesus’s power was astounding.
Heads turned and jaws dropped as He subdued demons, calmed violent
storms, and resurrected dead people! (Mark 1:21–34; 4:35–41; John 11).

The way we see Jesus determines how we relate to Him. If we focus only
on His power, we may treat Him with the detached worship we’d give a
comic book superhero. Yet, if we overemphasize His kindness, we risk
treating Him too casually. The truth is that Jesus is both at
once—great enough to deserve our obedience yet humble enough to call
us friends.

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

Jesus, thank You for the privilege of knowing You. I acknowledge Your
gentle power. I worship You as the Son of God—full of grace and glory.

What we think of Jesus shows in how we relate with Him.
