https://odb.org/2019/12/05/intentional-kindness

Intentional Kindness

I want to show God’s kindness to them.
2 Samuel 9:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Samuel 9:3–11

Boarding a plane alone with her children, a young mom tried
desperately to calm her three-year-old daughter who began kicking and
crying. Then her hungry four-month-old son also began to wail.

A traveler seated next to her quickly offered to hold the baby while
Jessica got her daughter buckled in. Then the traveler—recalling his
own days as a young dad—began coloring with the toddler while Jessica
fed her infant. And on the next connecting flight, the same man
offered to assist again if needed.

Jessica recalled, “I [was] blown away by God’s hand in this. [We]
could have been placed next to anyone, but we were seated next to one
of the nicest men I have ever met.”

In 2 Samuel 9, we read of another example of what I call intentional
kindness. After King Saul and his son Jonathan had been killed, some
expected David to kill off any competition to his claim for the
throne. Instead, he asked, “Is there no one still alive from the house
of Saul to whom I can show God’s kindness?” (v. 3). Mephibosheth,
Jonathan’s son, was then brought to David who restored his inheritance
and warmly invited him to share his table from then on—just as if he
were his own son (v. 11).

As beneficiaries of the immense kindness of God, may we look for
opportunities to show intentional kindness toward others (Galatians
6:10).

By:  Cindy Hess Kasper

Reflect & Pray

Who can you show God’s kindness to? What specific act of kindness can
you demonstrate to someone who is hurting or discouraged?

Heavenly Father, I thank You for the kindness You’ve shown me. Help me
to lavish it on others.
