https://odb.org/2019/04/10/fearing-no-evil/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Through the Valley

Even though I walk through the darkest valley, I will fear no evil,
for you are with me.
Psalm 23:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 23

Hae Woo (not her real name) was imprisoned in a North Korean labor
camp for crossing the border into China. The days and nights were
torture, she said, with brutal guards, backbreaking work, and little
sleep on an ice-cold floor with rats and lice. But God helped her
daily, including showing her which prisoners to befriend and share her
faith with.

After she was released from the camp and living in South Korea, Woo
reflected on her time of imprisonment, saying that Psalm 23 summed up
her experience. Although she’d been trapped in a dark valley, Jesus
was her Shepherd who gave her peace: “Even though it felt as if I was
literally in a valley full of the shadow of death, I wasn’t afraid of
anything. God comforted me every day.” She experienced God’s goodness
and love as He reassured her that she was His beloved daughter. “I was
in a terrible place, but I knew . . . I would experience God’s
goodness and love.” And she knew she’d stay in the Lord’s presence
forever.

We can find encouragement in Woo’s story. Despite her dire
circumstances, she felt God’s love and leading; and He sustained her
and took away her fear. If we follow Jesus, He will lead us gently
through our times of trouble. We need not fear, for “[we] will dwell
in the house of the Lord forever” (23:6).

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

When have you experienced God’s presence in a dark valley? Who can you
encourage today?

O God, when I walk through the valley, You are near me and take away
my fear. You comfort me and set before me a feast, and I will dwell in
Your house forever.
