http://odb.org/2013/12/28/the-presentation/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Presentation

He has reconciled . . . to present you holy, and blameless, and above
reproach in His sight. —
Colossians 1:21-22

Today's Scripture: Colossians 1:21-23

My wife, Martie, is a great cook. After a long day I often look
forward to the smell of spicy aromas that promise a tasty feast. Not
only does she know how to prepare a meal, but she is also a master at
the presentation. The colors of the food on the plate, beautifully
arranged in a harmony of meat, white puffy rice, and vegetables
welcome me to pull up my chair and enjoy her handiwork. But the food
was not so attractive before she got her hands on it. The meat was raw
and squishy, the rice was hard and brittle, and the vegetables needed
to be scrubbed and trimmed.

It reminds me of the gracious work Jesus has done for me. I am well
aware of my frailty and propensity to sin. I know that in and of
myself I am not presentable to God. Yet when I’m saved, Jesus makes me
a new creation (2 Cor. 5:17). He takes me just as I am and makes me
just as I should be—“holy, and blameless, and above reproach” (Col.
1:22). He presents me to our Father as a thing of beauty worthy to be
in His presence.

May His transforming work on our behalf stimulate us to live up to the
presentation and to be humbly grateful to Christ for His finishing
work in our lives!

By:  Joe Stowell

Reflect & Pray

Let the beauty of Jesus be seen in me— All His wonderful passion and
purity! O Thou Spirit divine, all my nature refine, Till the beauty of
Jesus be seen in me. —Orsborn

Jesus takes us as we are and makes us what we should be.
