https://odb.org/2021/01/19/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Unbreakable Faith

You will keep in perfect peace those whose minds are steadfast,
because they trust in you.
Isaiah 26:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 26:3–13

After doctors diagnosed their first-born son with autism, Diane Dokko
Kim and her husband grieved facing a lifetime of caring for a
cognitively disabled child. In her book Unbroken Faith, she admits to
struggling with adjusting their dreams and expectations for their
beloved son’s future. Yet through this painful process, they learned
that God can handle their anger, doubts, and fears. Now, with their
son reaching adulthood, Diane uses her experiences to encourage
parents of children with special needs. She tells others about God’s
unbreakable promises, limitless power, and loving faithfulness. She
assures people that He gives us permission to grieve when we
experience the death of a dream, an expectation, a way or a season of
life.

In Isaiah 26, the prophet declares that God’s people can trust in the
Lord forever, “for the Lord . . . is the Rock eternal” (v. 4). He’s
able to sustain us with supernatural peace in every situation (v. 12).
Focusing on His unchanging character and crying out to Him during
troublesome times revitalizes our hope (v. 15).

When we face any loss, disappointment, or difficult circumstance, God
invites us to be honest with Him. He can handle our ever-changing
emotions and our questions. He remains with us and refreshes our
spirits with enduring hope. Even when we feel like our lives are
falling apart, God can make our faith unbreakable.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

Have you ever struggled with being honest with God when life feels
overwhelming? How has God helped you deal with the death of a dream or
expectation?

Loving God, please help me believe You can always be trusted with my
honest emotions.
