http://odb.org/2016/03/19/ignore-no-more/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Ignore No More

The commands of the Lord are radiant, giving light to the eyes.
Psalm 19:8

Today's Scripture & Insight: Philippians 1:27-30

I don’t know how these people find me, but I keep getting more and
more flyers in the mail from folks asking me to show up at their
events so they can teach me about retirement benefits. It started
several years ago when I began getting invitations to join an
organization that works on behalf of retirees. These reminders all
serve to say: “You’re getting older. Get ready!”

I have ignored them all along, but soon enough I’m going to have to
break down and go to one of their meetings. I really should be taking
action on their suggestions.

Sometimes I hear a similar reminder in the wisdom of Scripture. We
know that what the passage says is true about us, but we are just not
ready to respond. Maybe it’s a passage like Romans 14:13 that says,
“Let us stop passing judgment on one another.” Or the reminder in 2
Corinthians 9:6, which tells us, “Whoever sows generously will also
reap generously.” Or this reminder in Philippians 1: “Stand firm in
the one Spirit, striving together as one for the faith of the gospel
without being frightened” (vv. 27-28).

As we read God’s Word, we get vital reminders. Let’s take these
seriously as from the heart of the Father who knows what honors Him
and is best for us.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

Thank You, Lord, for Your gentle reminders. We know that the things
You tell us to do in Your Word are for our good and for Your glory.
Help us to step up and do the things that bring honor to Your name.

Holiness is simply Christ in us fulfilling the will and commands of
the Father.
