http://odb.org/2012/12/31/the-power-of-terminal-thinking/

The Power Of Terminal Thinking

Lord, make me to know my end, and what is the measure of my days, that
I may know how frail I am. —
Psalm 39:4

Today's Scripture: Psalm 39:4-13

As we look forward to the New Year with plans and resolutions, the
voices of godly men from the past encourage us to think about
something we prefer to ignore—our own death.

Thomas à Kempis (1379–1471) wrote, “Happy is he that always hath the
hour of his death before his eyes and daily prepareth himself to die.”
And Francois Fénelon (1651–1715) wrote, “We cannot too greatly deplore
the blindness of men who do not want to think of death, and who turn
away from an inevitable thing which we could be happy to think of
often. Death only troubles carnal people.”

These men were not referring to a depressing preoccupation with dying,
but a dynamic approach to living. We, like the psalmist David, should
pray: “Lord, make me to know my end, and what is the measure of my
days, that I may know how frail I am. . . . Certainly every man at his
best state is but vapor” (Ps. 39:4-5). David speaks of people who work
in vain, heaping up wealth with no idea of who will get it (v.6). He
concludes by affirming that his hope is in God, who alone can keep him
from a life of spiritual rebellion and disaster (vv.7-8).

As we place our hope in God, the brevity of our life on earth is worth
considering—every day.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Lord, we know that our life on this earth is so short compared to
eternity. Bless us, fill us, use us to tell of Your love and goodness
as much we can and for as long as we can until we see You. Amen.

Considering the certainty of death can provide a dynamic approach to
life.
