https://odb.org/2017/11/15/how-much-more/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

How Much More!

If you then, though you are evil, know how to give good gifts to your
children, how much more will your Father in heaven give the Holy
Spirit to those who ask him!
Luke 11:13

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 11:5–13

In October 1915, during World War I, Oswald Chambers arrived at
Zeitoun Camp, a military training center near Cairo, Egypt, to serve
as a YMCA chaplain to British Commonwealth soldiers. When he announced
a weeknight religious service, 400 men packed the large YMCA hut to
hear Chambers’s talk titled, “What Is the Good of Prayer?” Later, when
he spoke individually with men who were trying to find God in the
midst of war, Oswald often quoted Luke 11:13, “If you then, though you
are evil, know how to give good gifts to your children, how much more
will your Father in heaven give the Holy Spirit to those who ask him!”

The free gift of God through His Son, Jesus, is forgiveness, hope, and
His living presence in our lives through the Holy Spirit. “For
everyone who asks receives; the one who seeks finds; and to the one
who knocks, the door will be opened” (v. 10).

On November 15, 1917, Oswald Chambers died unexpectedly from a
ruptured appendix. To honor him, a soldier led to faith in Christ by
Oswald purchased a marble carving of a Bible with the message of Luke
11:13 on its open page and placed it beside his grave: “How much more
will your Father in heaven give the Holy Spirit to those who ask
Him!” This amazing gift from God is available to each of us today.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Father, You are the giver of all good gifts. We thank You for the
great gift of the Holy Spirit who lives in us and guides us in Your
truth today. Learn more about the legacy of Oswald Chambers at
utmost.org.

God’s gift of the Holy Spirit in our lives is available to each of us
today.
