https://odb.org/2017/09/08/carried-through/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Carried Through

Weeping may stay for the night, but rejoicing comes in the morning.
Psalm 30:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 30:1–12

I recently stumbled across some of my journals from college and
couldn’t resist taking time to reread them. Reading the entries, I
realized I didn’t feel about myself then the same as I do today. My
struggles with loneliness and doubts about my faith felt overwhelming
at the time, but looking back now I can clearly see how God has
carried me to a better place. Seeing how God gently brought me through
those days reminded me that what feels overwhelming today will one day
be part of a greater story of His healing love.

Psalm 30 is a celebration psalm that similarly looks back with
amazement and gratitude on God’s powerful restoration: from sickness
to healing, from threat of death to life, from feeling God’s judgment
to enjoying His favor, from mourning to joy (vv. 2–3,11).

The psalm is attributed to David, to whom we owe some of the most
pain-filled laments in Scripture. But David also experienced
restoration so incredible he was able to confess, “Weeping may stay
for the night, but rejoicing comes in the morning” (v. 5). Despite all
the pain he had endured, David discovered something even greater—God’s
powerful hand of healing.

If you are hurting today and need encouragement, recall those times in
your past when God carried you through to a place of healing. Pray for
trust that He will do so again.

By:  Monica La Rose

Reflect & Pray

Lord, when our struggles feel bigger than what we can handle, help us
to find comfort and strength in how You’ve carried us before.

God is lovingly working toward restoration and joy in and through the
pain of our lives.
