http://odb.org/2014/11/25/resting-in-god/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Resting In God

He did not waver . . . through unbelief . . . being fully convinced
that what [God] had promised He was also able to perform. —
Romans 4:20-21

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 4:16-22

It was our last holiday together as a family before our eldest son
went off to college. As we filled the back pew in the little seaside
church, my heart filled with love as I glanced along the row of my
five reasonably tidy children. “Please protect them spiritually and
keep them close to You, Lord.” I prayed silently, thinking of the
pressures and challenges each of them faced.

The final hymn had a rousing chorus based on the words of 2 Timothy
1:12. “I know whom I have believed, and am persuaded that He is able
to keep what I have committed to Him.” It brought a sense of peace as
I was assured that God would keep their souls.

Years have passed since then. There have been times of wandering for
some of my children, and outright rebellion for others. Sometimes I’ve
wondered about God’s faithfulness. Then I remember Abraham. He
stumbled but never failed in his trust in the promise he’d received
(Gen. 15:5-6; Rom. 4:20-21). Through years of waiting and mistaken
attempts to help things along, Abraham hung on to God’s promise until
Isaac was born.

I find this reminder to trust encouraging. We tell God our request. We
remember that He cares. We know He is powerful. We thank Him for His
faithfulness.

By:  Marion Stroud

Reflect & Pray

Lord, my patience is often lacking and my timetable often does not
match Yours. Forgive me for my times of doubt, and help me to trust
You more. Thank You for Your faithfulness.

Some lessons of patience take a long time to learn.
