http://odb.org/2016/01/16/desiring-growth/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Desiring Growth

Anyone who lives on milk . . . is not acquainted with the teaching
about righteousness.
Hebrews 5:13

Today's Scripture & Insight: Hebrews 5:11-14

The axolotl (pronounced ACK suh LAH tuhl) is a biological enigma.
Instead of maturing into adult form, this endangered Mexican
salamander retains tadpole-like characteristics throughout its life.
Writers and philosophers have used the axolotl as a symbol of someone
who fears growth.

In Hebrews 5 we learn about Christians who were avoiding healthy
growth, remaining content with spiritual “milk” intended for new
believers. Perhaps because of fear of persecution, they weren’t
growing in the kind of faithfulness to Christ that would enable them
to be strong enough to suffer with Him for the sake of others (vv.
7-10). Instead they were in danger of sliding backward from the
Christlike attitudes they had already shown (6:9-11). They weren’t
ready for a solid diet of self-sacrifice (5:14). So the author wrote,
“We have much to say about this, but it is hard to make it clear to
you because you no longer try to understand” (v. 11).

Axolotls follow the natural pattern set for them by their Creator. But
followers of Christ are designed to grow into spiritual maturity. As
we do, we discover that growing up in Him involves more than our own
peace and joy. Growth in His likeness honors God as we unselfishly
encourage others.

By:  Keila Ochoa

Reflect & Pray

Lord, I want to grow, so help me to go deeper into Your Word. Teach me
more each day, so that I am better equipped to serve and worship You.

The more we live on a diet of God’s Word, the more we grow.
