http://odb.org/2016/10/22/my-brothers-and-sisters/?utm_source=feedburn
er&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%
29

My Brothers and Sisters

Whatever you did for one of the least of these brothers and sisters of
mine, you did for me.
Matthew 25:40

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 25:31–40

Several years ago when the Southern California economy took a
downturn, Pastor Bob Johnson saw not only difficulty but also
opportunity. So he scheduled a meeting with the mayor of his city and
asked, “What can our church do to help you?” The mayor was astonished.
People usually came to him for help. Here was a minister offering him
the services of an entire congregation.

Together the mayor and pastor came up with a plan to address several
pressing needs. In their county alone, more than 20,000 seniors had
gone the previous year without a single visitor. Hundreds of foster
children needed families. And many other kids needed tutoring to help
them succeed in school.

Some of those needs could be addressed without much financial
investment, but they all required time and interest. And that’s what
the church had to give.

Jesus told His disciples about a future day in which He would say to
His faithful followers, “Come, you who are blessed by my Father; take
your inheritance” (Matt. 25:34). He also said they would express
surprise at their reward. Then He would tell them, “Whatever you did
for one of the least of these brothers and sisters of mine, you did
for me” (v. 40).

God’s kingdom work gets done when we give generously of the time,
love, and resources He has provided us.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

What lonely person is the Spirit bringing to your mind right now? Can
you visit them, call, or write? What young person in your life could
use some of your time and attention?

Giving isn’t just for the wealthy; it’s for all of us.
