https://odb.org/2020/09/10/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Making His Music

We all . . . are being transformed into his image.
2 Corinthians 3:18

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Corinthians 3:17–18

Choir director Arianne Abela spent her childhood sitting on her
hands—to hide them. Born with fingers missing or fused together on
both hands, she also had no left leg and was missing toes on her right
foot. A music lover and lyric soprano, she’d planned to major in
government at Smith College. But one day her choir teacher asked her
to conduct the choir, which made her hands quite visible. From that
moment, she found her career, going on to conduct church choirs and
serving now as director of choirs at another university. “My teachers
saw something in me,” Abela explains.

Her inspiring story invites believers to ask, What does God, our holy
Teacher, see in us, regardless of our “limits”? More than anything, He
sees Himself. “So God created human beings in his own image. In the
image of God he created them; male and female he created them”
(Genesis 1:27 nlt ).

As His glorious “image bearers,” when others see us, we should reflect
Him. For Abela, that means Jesus, not her hands—or her lack of
fingers—matters most. The same is true for all believers. “And we all,
who with unveiled faces contemplate the Lord’s glory, are being
transformed into his image,” says 2 Corinthians 3:18.

Similar to Abela, we can conduct our lives by Christ’s transforming
power (v. 18), offering a life song that rings out to the honor of
God.

By:  Patricia Raybon

Reflect & Pray

How does knowing you are God’s “image-bearer” help you to see yourself
differently? How does it help you in your interactions with others?

Thank You, God, for making me in Your image. Help me to apply this
fact to all of my life.
