https://odb.org/2020/12/12/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Prayerful Wrestling

Jacob was left alone, and a man wrestled with him till daybreak.
Genesis 32:24

Today's Scripture & Insight: Genesis 32:24–32

Dennis’ life was transformed after someone gave him a New Testament.
Reading it captivated him, and it became his constant companion.
Within six months, two life-changing events occurred in his life. He
placed his faith in Jesus for the forgiveness of his sins, and he was
diagnosed with a brain tumor after experiencing severe headaches.
Because of the unbearable pain, he became bedridden and unable to
work. One painful, sleepless night he found himself crying out to God.
Sleep finally came at 4:30 a.m.

Bodily pain can cause us to cry out to God, but other excruciating
life circumstances also compel us to run to Him. Centuries before
Dennis’ night of wrestling, a desperate Jacob faced off with God
(Genesis 32:24–32). For Jacob, it was unfinished family business.
He had wronged his brother Esau (ch. 27), and he feared that payback
was imminent. In seeking God’s help in this difficult situation, Jacob
encountered God face-to-face (32:30) and emerged from it a changed
man.

And so did Dennis. After pleading with God in prayer, Dennis was able
to stand up after being bedridden, and the doctor’s examination showed
no signs of the tumor. Although God doesn’t always choose to
miraculously heal us, we’re confident that He hears our prayers and
will give us what we need for our situation. In our desperation we
offer sincere prayers to God and leave the results to Him!

By:  Arthur Jackson

Reflect & Pray

What are you struggling with that you could bring before God in
prayer? What are some of the benefits of praying from the depths of
our hearts even when He chooses not to change the situation?

Father, help me to see that life’s difficulties and challenges are
opportunities for me to seek You in prayer and to grow in my
understanding of who You are.
