http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/odb/feed/~3/nzzH5fNPE0k/

Times of Completion

They sailed back to Antioch, where they had been committed to the
grace of God for the work they had now completed.
Acts 14:26

Today's Scripture & Insight: Acts 14:21–28

At the end of the year, the burden of uncompleted tasks can weigh us
down. Responsibilities at home and work may seem never-ending, and
those unfinished today roll into tomorrow. But there are times in our
journey of faith when we should pause and celebrate God’s faithfulness
and the tasks completed.

After the first missionary journey of Paul and Barnabas, “they sailed
back to Antioch, where they had been committed to the grace of God for
the work they had now completed” (Acts 14:26). While much work
remained in sharing the message of Jesus with others, they took time
to give thanks for what had been done. “They gathered the church
together and reported all that God had done through them and how he
had opened a door of faith to the Gentiles” (v. 27).

What has God done through you during the past year? How has He opened
the door of faith for someone you know and love? In ways we can’t
imagine, He is at work through us in tasks that may seem insignificant
or incomplete.

When we feel painfully aware of our unfinished tasks in serving the
Lord, let’s not forget to give thanks for the ways He has worked
through us. Rejoicing over what God has done by His grace sets the
stage for what is to come!

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Lord, as this year comes to a close, we give thanks for all You have
accomplished in and through us. By Your grace, lift our eyes to see
what is to come!

God is always at work in and through us.
