https://odb.org/2017/11/12/in-keeping/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_mediu
m=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

What’s the Best Gift?

The temple I am going to build will be great, because our God is
greater than all other gods.
2 Chronicles 2:5

Today's Scripture: 2 Chronicles 2:1–10

My husband recently celebrated a milestone birthday, the kind that
ends in a zero. I thought hard about the best way to honor him on this
important occasion. I discussed my many ideas with our children to
help me home in on the best one. I wanted our celebration to reflect
the significance of a new decade and how precious he is to our family.
I wanted our gift to be in keeping with the importance of this
milestone in his life.

King Solomon wanted to give to God a much greater gift than a “big
birthday” would merit. He wished for the temple he built to be worthy
of God’s presence in it. To secure raw materials, he messaged the king
of Tyre. In his letter, he remarked that the temple would be great
“because our God is greater than all other gods” (2 Chron. 2:5). He
acknowledged that God’s vastness and goodness far exceeded what could
ever be built with human hands, yet set about the task anyway out of
love and worship.

Our God is indeed greater than all other gods. He has done wondrous
things in our lives, prompting our hearts to bring Him a loving and
precious offering, regardless of its external value. Solomon knew his
gift wouldn’t match God’s worth, yet joyfully set his offering before
Him; we can too.

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

Lord, You are indeed a great God, matchless in worth. May my offerings
be pleasing in Your sight.

The most treasured gift we can give to God is our love.
