https://odb.org/2019/01/07/an-ordinary-man/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

An Ordinary Man

People look at the outward appearance, but the Lord looks at the
heart.
1 Samuel 16:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Samuel 16:1–7

William Carey was a sickly boy, born to a humble family near
Northampton, England. His future didn’t look too bright. But God had
plans for him. Against all odds, he moved to India, where he brought
incredible social reforms and translated the Bible into several Indian
languages. He loved God and people, and accomplished many things for
God.

David, son of Jesse, was an ordinary young man, the youngest in his
family. He was seemingly an insignificant shepherd on the hills of
Bethlehem (1 Samuel 16:11–12). Yet God saw David’s heart and had a
plan for him. King Saul had been rejected by God for disobedience.
While the prophet Samuel mourned Saul’s choices, God called Samuel to
anoint a different king, one of Jesse’s sons.

When Samuel saw the handsome, tall Eliab, he naturally thought,
“surely the Lord ’s anointed stands here before the Lord ” (v. 6).
However, God’s strategy to select a king was much different than
Samuel’s. In fact, God said no to each of Jesse’s sons, except the
youngest one. Selecting David as king was definitely not a strategic
move from God’s part, or so it seemed at first glance. What would a
young shepherd have to offer his community, let alone his country?

How comforting to know that the Lord knows our hearts and has His
plans for us.

By:  Estera Pirosca Escobar

Reflect & Pray

Dear Lord, thank You that You care more about my heart’s attitude
toward You than my outward beauty, possessions, or achievements.
Welcome to Estera Pirosca Escobar! Meet all our authors at
odb.org/all-authors.

God’s priority is your heart.
