http://odb.org/2013/10/20/stray-hearts/

Stray Hearts

These people have committed a great sin, and have made for themselves
a god of gold! —
Exodus 32:31

Today's Scripture: Exodus 32:21-35

Last fall, an expressway in my city was shut down for several hours
because a cattle truck had overturned. The cattle had escaped and were
roaming across the highway. Seeing this news story about stray cattle
made me think of something I had recently studied in Exodus 32 about
the people of God who strayed from Him.

In the divided kingdom of ancient Israel, King Jeroboam erected two
golden calves for the people to worship (1 Kings 12:25-32). But the
idea of worshiping hunks of gold had not originated with him. Even
after escaping brutal slavery and having seen the Lord’s power and
glory mightily displayed, the Israelites had quickly allowed their
hearts to stray from Him (Ex. 32). While Moses was on Mt. Sinai
receiving the law from the Lord, his brother Aaron helped God’s people
stray by constructing an idol in the shape of a golden calf. The
writer of Hebrews reminds us of God’s anger over this idolatry and
those who “go astray in their heart” (Heb. 3:10).

God knows that our hearts have a tendency to stray. His Word makes it
clear that He is the Lord and that we are to worship “no other gods”
(Ex. 20:2-6).

“The Lord is the great God, and the great King above all gods” (Ps.
95:3). He is the one true God!

By:  Cindy Hess Kasper

Reflect & Pray

Prone to wander, Lord, I feel it, Prone to leave the God I love;
Here’s my heart, O take and seal it, Seal it for Thy courts above.
—Robinson

As long as you want anything very much, especially more than you want
God, it is an idol. —A. B. Simpson
