http://odb.org/2015/12/15/the-importance-of-how/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Importance of How

Assign to each man his work and what he is to carry.
Numbers 4:19

Today's Scripture: Numbers 4:17-32

While attending Bible college, my friend Charlie and I worked for a
furniture store. We often made deliveries accompanied by an interior
decorator who talked with the people who had purchased the furniture
while we brought it from the truck into the house. Sometimes we had to
carry the furniture up several flights of stairs in an apartment
building. Charlie and I often wished we had the decorator’s job
instead of ours!

During Israel’s 40 years of wandering in the wilderness, three clans
from the priestly tribe of Levi—the Kohathites, Gershonites, and
Merarites—were assigned the job of transporting the Tent of Meeting
(tabernacle). They put it up, took it down, and carried it to the next
place, then repeated the process again and again. Their job
description was simple: “Carry the things assigned to you” (see Num.
4:32).

I wonder if these “custodians” ever envied the “clergymen” who offered
sacrifices and incense using the holy articles in the sanctuary (vv.
4-5,15). That job must have looked much easier and more prestigious.
But both assignments were important and came from the Lord.

Many times we don’t get to select the work we do. But all of us can
choose our attitude toward the tasks we’re given. How we do the job
God gives us is the measure of our service to Him.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Father in heaven, our work in life often causes us to wonder if we are
accomplishing anything worthwhile. Give us eyes to see the importance
of the tasks You have given us so that we may honor You by the way we
do them.

Humble work becomes holy work when it’s done for God.
