https://odb.org/2019/08/19/new-home/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=
feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Our New Home

No longer will there be any curse. The throne of God and of the Lamb
will be in the city.
Revelation 22:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: Revelation 22:1–5

As the first immigrant to the US to pass through Ellis Island in 1892,
Annie Moore must have felt incredible excitement at the thought of a
new home and a fresh start. Millions would pass through there
afterward. Just a teenager, Annie had left behind a difficult life in
Ireland to start a new one. Carrying only a little bag in her hand,
she came with lots of dreams, hopes, and expectations of a land of
opportunity.

How much more excitement and awe will God’s children experience when
we see “a new heaven and a new earth” (Revelation 21:1). We will enter
what the book of Revelation calls “the Holy City, the new Jerusalem”
(v. 2). The apostle John describes this amazing place with powerful
imagery. There will be “the river of the water of life, as clear as
crystal, flowing from the throne of God and of the Lamb” (22:1). Water
represents life and abundance, and its source will be the eternal God
Himself. John says that “no longer will there be any curse” (v. 3).
The beautiful, pure relationship God intended between Himself and
humans will be fully restored.

How incredible to know that God, who loves His children and purchased
us with the life of His Son, is preparing such an amazing new
home—where He Himself will live with us and be our God (21:3).

By:  Estera Pirosca Escobar

Reflect & Pray

What comes to mind when you think about heaven? How does this passage
from Revelation encourage you?

Father, thank You for Your love! We’re excited as we wait for that day
when we will live in peace with You and each other in heaven.
