http://odb.org/2012/12/27/a-winning-strategy/

A Winning Strategy

Israel has sinned, and they have also transgressed My covenant. —
Joshua 7:11

Today's Scripture: Joshua 7:1-13

During my days as a high school basketball coach, I made a huge
mistake. I sent some of my players to scout an opponent. They returned
with this report: We can take those guys easily. Overconfident, we
lost to that team. Does that sound familiar? To me, it sounds like the
situation at Ai when Joshua sent out his scouts, who misjudged their
opponent’s strength.

But there was more to the defeat at Ai than bad scouting. Israel lost
the battle and 36 soldiers for several reasons that I think we can
learn from.

Shortly before the loss at Ai, Joshua led his army successfully
against Jericho because he knew God’s plan of attack. But there is no
mention of Joshua consulting God before Ai. Prior to the battle of
Jericho, the men had consecrated themselves to God (Josh. 5:2-8).
Before Ai—nothing is said about Joshua’s men preparing themselves
spiritually. The reason the Bible gives for the Israelites’ loss is
sin in the camp. Achan had stolen from the spoils of Jericho (7:1).
They could not defeat Ai until the sin was confessed and the people
had consecrated themselves (7:16-26). Then God gave them a plan for
victory (8:1-7).

A winning strategy for our daily battles: confessing our sin and
living in the power that God provides.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

Dear Lord, before I go off into the battle today, forgive me of my sin
and lead me in the path You want me to go. I want to serve You.
Empower me to live for You and Your will. Amen.

Purity in the heart produces power in the life.
