https://odb.org/2021/04/18/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Hard Ground and Tender Mercy

Praise be to the Lord.
Ruth 4:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ruth 4:13–22

When James was just six years old, his older brother David died
tragically in an ice-skating accident. It was the day before David’s
fourteenth birthday. In the years that followed, James tried his best
to console his mother, Margaret, who in her deep grief sometimes
reminded herself that her elder son would never have to face the
challenges of growing up. In James Barrie’s fertile imagination,
decades later that same idea would burgeon into inspiration for a
much-loved children’s story character who never aged: Peter Pan. Like
a flower pushing its way through pavement, good emerged even from the
hard ground of unthinkable heartache.

How comforting is the thought that God, in an infinitely more creative
way, is able to bring good out of our most difficult circumstances. A
beautiful illustration of this occurs in the Old Testament story of
Ruth. Naomi lost her two sons, leaving her without means or support.
Her widowed daughter-in-law Ruth chose to remain with Naomi to help
provide for her and to serve her God (Ruth 1:16). In the end, God’s
provision brought them unexpected joy. Ruth remarried and had a child,
“and they named him Obed. He was the father of Jesse, the father of
David” (4:17). He would also be listed among the ancestors of Jesus
(Matthew 1:5).

God’s tender mercy reaches beyond our ability to fathom and meets us
in surprising places. Keep looking! Perhaps you’ll see it today.

By:  James Banks

Reflect & Pray

When have you seen God bring unexpected good out of difficult
circumstances in your life? How can you share what He’s done with
others?

Loving God, I thank You that one day You’ll wipe every tear from my
eyes because You’re greater than every heartache or difficulty I’ll
ever face.
