http://odb.org/2010/06/24/winners-all/

Winners All

God loves a cheerful giver. —
2 Corinthians 9:7

Today's Scripture: 2 Corinthians 9:6-15

When the Los Angeles Times covered a 2008 conference championship
soccer match between two Christian schools, Azusa Pacific University
and Westmont College, it was about far more than winning the game.
Three days earlier, a wildfire had swept through the Westmont campus,
destroying several academic buildings, faculty homes, and student
rooms. Unable to host the game, the rules required Westmont to
forfeit. Instead, Azusa invited their opponents to play at their
campus where they welcomed Westmont fans with free admission and
lunch.

On the field, Westmont won an emotional 2-0 victory, while Azusa
Pacific won admiration for their good will. LA Times reporter Bill
Plaschke wrote: “Rarely in Southern California sports has there been a
better show of sportsmanship than this, Azusa Pacific sacrificing its
chance at a title defense to give Westmont a fair shot at taking it.
As impressive as the resilience of the conquerors was the kindness of
the conquered.”

So often we think only of money when the Bible calls us to give
willingly and bountifully, “for God loves a cheerful giver” (2 Cor.
9:7). Giving others a chance and offering hospitality to those who
hurt is generosity that makes winners of everyone involved.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

The gifts that we may give, The deeds that we may do, Most truly honor
Christ When self is given too. —D. De Haan

The manner of giving shows the character of the giver more than the
gift itself.
