https://odb.org/2018/09/05/bridges-and-walls/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Building Bridges

There is neither Jew nor Gentile, neither slave nor free, nor is there
male and female, for you are all one in Christ Jesus.
Galatians 3:28

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 4:7–14, 39–42

In our neighborhood, high concrete walls surround our homes. Many of
these walls are enhanced with electric barbed wires lining the top.
The purpose? To ward off robbers.

Frequent power outages are also a problem in our community. These
outages render the front gate-bell useless. Because of the wall, a
visitor may be kept out in the scorching sun or torrential rain during
these outages. Yet even when the gate-bell works, to admit the visitor
might depend on who they are. Our fence-walls serve a good purpose,
but they can become walls of discrimination—even when the visitor is
obviously not an intruder.

The Samaritan woman whom Jesus met at the well had a similar
difficulty with discrimination. The Jews had nothing to do with
Samaritans. When Jesus asked her for a drink, she said, “You are a Jew
and I am a Samaritan woman. How can you ask me for a drink?” (John
4:9). As she began to open up to Jesus, she had a life-changing
experience that positively affected her and her neighbors (vv. 39–42).
Jesus became the bridge that broke the wall of hostility and
favoritism.

The lure to discriminate is real, and we need to identify it in our
lives. As Jesus showed us, we can reach out to all people regardless
of nationality, social status, or reputation. He came to build
bridges.

By:  Lawrence Darmani

Reflect & Pray

Lord, thank You for teaching me not to discriminate among people. Help
me to see people through Your eyes so that I may honor You.

Jesus breaks down the walls of discrimination.
