https://odb.org/2020/02/17/never-alone-6/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Ever-Present Presence

Surely I am with you always, to the very end of the age.
Matthew 28:20

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 28:16–20

During the 2018 World Cup, Colombian forward Radamel Falcao scored in
the seventieth minute against Poland, securing a victory. The dramatic
goal was Falcao’s thirtieth in international play, earning him the
distinction of scoring the most goals by a Colombian player in
international competition.

Falcao has often used his success on the soccer pitch to share his
faith, frequently lifting his jersey after a score to reveal a shirt
with the words, Con Jesus nunca estara solo: “With Jesus you’ll never
be alone.”

Falcao’s statement points us to the reassuring promise from Jesus, “I
am with you always, to the very end of the age” (Matthew 28:20).
Knowing He was about to return to heaven, Jesus comforted His
disciples by assuring them He’d always be with them, through the
presence of His Spirit (v. 20; John 14:16–18). Christ’s Spirit would
comfort, guide, protect, and empower them as they took the message of
Jesus to cities both near and far. And when they experienced periods
of intense loneliness in unfamiliar places, Christ’s words would
likely echo in their ears, a reminder of His presence with them.

No matter where we go, whether close to home or faraway, as we follow
Jesus into the unknown we too can cling to this same promise. Even
when we experience feelings of loneliness, as we reach out in prayer
to Jesus, we can receive comfort knowing He’s with us.

By:  Lisa M. Samra

Reflect & Pray

How does the assurance that Jesus is always with you provide comfort?
How has He comforted you when you felt alone?

Jesus, thank You that I’m never alone because You’re with me.
