http://odb.org/2016/10/13/all-welcome/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_mediu
m=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

All Welcome!

I have not come to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance.
Luke 5:32

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 5:27–32

The much-prayed-for film night at the church youth club had finally
arrived. Posters had been displayed all around the village and pizzas
were warming in the oven. Steve, the youth pastor, hoped that the
film—about gang members in New York who were brought face-to-face with
the claims of Jesus by a young pastor—would bring new recruits to the
club.

But he hadn’t realized that a key football match was being shown on
television that evening, so attendance was much smaller than he had
hoped for. Sighing inwardly, he was about to dim the lights and begin
the film when five leather-clad members of the local motorbike club
came in. Steve went pale.

The leader of the group, who was known as TDog, nodded in Steve’s
direction. “It’s free and for everyone, right?” he said. Steve opened
his mouth to say, “Youth club members only” when TDog bent down and
picked up a bracelet with the letters WWJD (What Would Jesus Do)
stamped on it. “This yours, mate?” he asked. Steve nodded, hot with
embarrassment, and waited while the new guests found a seat.

Have you ever been in Steve’s situation? You long to share the good
news about Jesus, but you have a mental list of the “right” people who
would be acceptable? Jesus was often criticized by the religious
authorities for the company He kept. But He welcomed those everyone
else avoided, because He knew they needed Him most (Luke 5:31–32).

By:  Marion Stroud

Reflect & Pray

Lord, please help me to see people through Your eyes of love and to
welcome all those You bring into my life.

A heart that is open to Christ will be open to those He loves.
