http://odb.org/2010/07/15/a-man-my-age/

A Man My Age

When I am old and grayheaded, O God, do not forsake me, until I
declare Your strength to this generation. —
Psalm 71:18

Today's Scripture: Psalm 71

On a recent flight, I got ready to do some work. Spread out on my tray
were my laptop computer, backup hard drive, iPod, and other gadgets
that are part of being a 21st-century “road warrior.” As I worked, a
young man seated beside me asked if he could make a comment. He told
me how inspirational it was for him, a young man, to see someone my
age so enthusiastically embracing modern technology. In spite of his
intention to compliment me, I suddenly felt about 120 years old. What
did he mean by “someone my age”? I wondered. After all, I was “only”
57.

Then I remembered Psalm 71, the psalm for folks “my age” and beyond.
It reminds us of the value of a life well lived and of the worth of
lessons learned: Lessons are not just for our benefit but also for us
to pass along to the next generations. The psalmist wrote, “When I am
old and grayheaded, O God, do not forsake me, until I declare Your
strength to this generation, Your power to everyone who is to come”
(v.18).

So, maybe being “someone my age” isn’t such a bad gig. It is the
privilege of “veteran” Christ-followers to declare the strength and
power of God to the younger generations. That’s how we can truly be
inspirational to them.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

The older saints who trust God’s Word Have trod where younger ones now
walk; They’ve fought the battles they will fight— Their wisdom teaches
truth and right. —Branon

The best gift for the younger generation is a good example from the
older generation.
