https://odb.org/2020/12/11/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Morning Mist

I have swept away your offenses . . . like the morning mist.
Isaiah 44:22

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 44:9–11, 21–23

One morning I visited a pond near my house. I sat on an overturned
boat, thinking and watching a gentle west wind chase a layer of mist
across the water’s surface. Wisps of fog circled and swirled. Mini
“tornadoes” rose up and then exhausted themselves. Before long, the
sunlight cut through the clouds and the mist disappeared.

This scene comforted me because I connected it with a verse I’d just
read: “I have swept away your offenses like a cloud, your sins like
the morning mist” (Isaiah 44:22). I visited the place hoping to
distract myself from a series of sinful thoughts I’d been preoccupied
with for days. Although I was confessing them, I began to wonder if
God would forgive me when I repeated the same sin.

That morning, I knew the answer was yes. Through His prophet Isaiah,
God showed grace to the Israelites when they struggled with the
ongoing problem of idol worship. Although He told them to stop chasing
false gods, God also invited them back to Himself, saying, “I have
made you, you are my servant; . . . I will not forget you” (v. 21).

I don’t fully grasp forgiveness like that, but I do understand that
God’s grace is the only thing that can dissolve our sin completely and
heal us from it. I’m thankful His grace is endless and divine like He
is, and that it’s available whenever we need it.

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

How is it possible to abuse God’s grace? What steps can you take to
break free of sinful habits and experience His forgiveness?

Dear God, thank You for Your gracious presence in my life. I don’t
want to live in habitual sin. Help me to feel the freedom that comes
when I confess my sin and You erase it completely. Read Grace:
Accepting God’s Gift to You at DiscoverySeries.org/Q0613.
