http://odb.org/2013/04/22/dust-art/

Dust Art

The Lord God formed man of the dust of the ground, and breathed into
his nostrils the breath of life; and man became a living being. —
Genesis 2:7

Today's Scripture: Genesis 2:1-7

When God chose dust as His artistic medium to create Adam (Gen. 2:7),
He didn’t have to worry about running out of material. According to
Hannah Holmes, author of The Secret Life of Dust, “Between 1 and 3
billion tons of desert dust fly up into the sky annually. One billion
tons would fill 14 million boxcars in a train that would wrap six
times around the Earth’s equator.”

No one has to buy dust, for we all have more than we want. I ignore it
as long as I can in my house. My reasoning is this: If I don’t disturb
it, it’s not as noticeable. But eventually it accumulates to the point
that I can no longer pretend it’s not there. So I haul out my cleaning
supplies and start removing it from wherever it has found a resting
place.

As I remove the dust, I see myself reflected in the smooth surface.
Then I see another thing: I see that God took something worthless,
dust, and made it into something priceless—you and me and every other
person (Gen. 2:7).

The fact that God used dust to create humans makes me think twice
about labeling someone or something worthless. Perhaps the very thing
that I want to get rid of—a person or problem that annoys me—is the
artistic medium God has given to display His glory.

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

Lord, too often I want to quickly ignore or dismiss difficult people
and circumstances. Help me to be open to learn from You through them
and to see Your glory.

Being all fashioned of the self-same dust, let us be merciful as well
as just. —Longfellow
