https://odb.org/2019/08/22/more-than-hacks/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

More Than Hacks

He provided redemption for his people; he ordained his covenant
forever—holy and awesome is his name.
Psalm 111:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 111

I recently found a “hack” (a clever solution to a tricky problem) when
one of my grandchildren warmed her toy rabbit on our fireplace glass.
The resulting globs of fake bunny fur weren’t pretty, but a fireplace
expert provided a great hack—a tip for how to make the glass look like
new. It worked, and now we no longer allow stuffed animals near the
fireplace!

I bring up hacks because sometimes we can view Scripture as a
collection of hacks—tips to make life easier. While it’s true that the
Bible has much to say about how to live a Christ-honoring new life,
that’s not the only purpose of the Book. What Scripture provides for
us is a solution for mankind’s greatest need: rescue from sin and
eternal separation from God.

From the promise of salvation in Genesis 3:15 all the way to the true
hope of a new heaven and new earth (Revelation 21:1–2), the Bible
explains that God has an eternal plan for rescuing us from our sin and
allowing us to enjoy fellowship with Him. In every story and every
suggestion for how to live, the Bible is pointing us to Jesus—the only
One who can solve our biggest problem.

When we open God’s Book, may we remember that we’re looking for Jesus,
the rescue He offers, and how to live as His children. He’s provided
the greatest solution of all!

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

How has Jesus and His promise to rescue those who believe in Him
touched your heart and life? Why is it vital to see that the Bible
consistently points to Christ?

Father, thank You for the salvation You provided through Jesus.
Help me to honor You by keeping focused on our Savior and His amazing
love for me. To learn more about who Jesus is, visit
christianuniversity.org/NT111.
