https://odb.org/2019/08/10/the-power-of-encouragement/?utm_source=feed
burner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Br
ead%29

The Power of Encouragement

The whole assembly became silent as they listened to Barnabas and Paul
telling about the signs and wonders God had done.
Acts 15:12

Today's Scripture & Insight: Acts 15:12–21

When he was a young boy, Benjamin West attempted to draw a picture of
his sister, but he succeeded only in making a mess. His mother saw his
creation, kissed him on the head, and remarked, “Why, it’s Sally!” He
would later say that it was that kiss that made him an artist—and the
great American painter he would become. Encouragement is a powerful
thing!

Like a child learning to paint, Paul didn’t have much credibility
early on in his ministry, but Barnabas affirmed his calling. It was
through Barnabas’s encouragement that the church accepted Saul as a
fellow believer (Acts 9:27). Barnabas would also encourage the
fledgling church of Antioch, helping it to become one of the most
influential in the book of Acts (11:22–23). And it was through
Barnabas’s encouragement, as well as Paul’s, that the Jerusalem church
embraced the gentile believers as Christians (15:19). So, in many
ways, the story of the early church is really a story of
encouragement.

The same should apply to our own lives. We might think encouragement
is merely saying something nice to someone. But if we think that way,
we fail to recognize the lasting power it possesses. It’s one of the
means by which God shapes our individual lives as well as the life of
the church.

Let’s thank God for the moments we receive encouragement and strive to
pass it along to others.

By:  Peter W. Chin

Reflect & Pray

How has encouragement shaped your life story in some way? Who
encouraged you, and how did they do it? How will you encourage someone
in your life this week?

Father, help me encourage others as You have encouraged me.
