https://odb.org/2017/12/15/more-than-a-hero/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

More Than a Hero

We have seen his glory, the glory of the one and only Son, who came
from the Father, full of grace and truth.
John 1:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 1:1–5, 9–14

As Star Wars fans around the world eagerly await the release of
Episode 8, “The Last Jedi,” people continue to analyze the remarkable
success of these films dating back to 1977. Frank Pallotta, media
reporter for CNNMoney, said that Star Wars connects with many who long
for “a new hope and a force of good at a time when the world needs
heroes.”

At the time of Jesus’s birth, the people of Israel were oppressed and
longing for their long-promised Messiah. Many anticipated a hero to
deliver them from Roman tyranny, but Jesus did not come as a political
or military hero. Instead, He came as a baby to the town of Bethlehem.
As a result, many missed who He was. The apostle John wrote, “He came
to that which was his own, but his own did not receive him” (John
1:11).

More than a hero, Jesus came as our Savior. He was born to bring God’s
light into the darkness and to give His life so that everyone who
receives Him could be forgiven and freed from the power of sin. John
called Him “the one and only Son, who came from the Father, full of
grace and truth” (v. 14).

“To all who did receive him, to those who believed in his name, he
gave the right to become children of God” (v. 12). Indeed, Jesus is
the one true hope the world needs.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Lord Jesus, You are our Savior, and we praise You for coming to die
that we might live.

At Bethlehem, God demonstrated that to love is to give.
