https://odb.org/2020/10/21/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

What’s Wrong with the World?

Christ Jesus came into the world to save sinners—of whom I am the
worst.
1 Timothy 1:15

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Timothy 1:12–17

There is an oft-heard story that The London Times posed a question to
readers at the turn of the twentieth century. What’s wrong with the
world?

That’s quite the question, isn’t it? Someone might quickly respond,
“Well, how much time do you have for me to tell you?” And that would
be fair, as there seems to be so much that’s wrong with our world. As
the story goes, The Times received a number of responses, but one in
particular has endured in its brief brilliance. The English writer,
poet, and philosopher G. K. Chesterton penned this four-word response,
a refreshing surprise to the usual passing-of-the-buck: “Dear Sirs, I
am.”

Whether the story is factual or not is up for debate. But that
response? It’s nothing but true. Long before Chesterton came along,
there was an apostle named Paul. Far from a lifelong model citizen,
Paul confessed his past shortcomings: “I was once a blasphemer and a
persecutor and a violent man” (v. 13). After naming who Jesus came to
save (“sinners”), he goes on to make a very Chesterton-like
qualification: “of whom I am the worst” (v. 15). Paul knew exactly
what was and is wrong with the world. And he further knew the only
hope of making things right—“the grace of our Lord” (v. 14). What an
amazing reality! This enduring truth lifts our eyes to the light of
Christ’s saving love.

By:  John Blase

Reflect & Pray

What is wrong with the world? Can you own the answer Paul and
Chesterton gave? What is one way you can accept that without sliding
into self-hatred?

God, thank You for Your immense patience with me, a sinner. To You be
honor and glory forever and ever. To learn about answering questions
related to the Christian faith, visit ChristianUniversity.org/CA101.
