https://odb.org/2020/06/06/found-on-the-edges/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Found on the Edges

For the Son of Man came to seek and to save the lost.
Luke 19:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 19:1–10

In the middle of the crowd at a motorcycle demonstration where riders
performed breathtaking tricks, I found myself needing to stand on my
tiptoes to see. Glancing around, I noticed three children perched in a
nearby tree, apparently because they also couldn’t get to the front of
the crowd to see the action.

Watching the kids peer out from their lofty location, I couldn’t help
but think of Zacchaeus, who Luke identifies as a wealthy tax collector
(Luke 19:2). Jews often viewed tax collectors as traitors for working
for the Roman government collecting taxes from fellow Israelites, as
well as frequently demanding additional money to pad their personal
bank accounts. So Zacchaeus was likely shunned from his community.

As Jesus passed through Jericho, Zacchaeus longed to see Him but was
unable to see over the crowd. So, perhaps feeling both desperate and
lonely, he climbed into a sycamore tree to catch a glimpse (vv. 3–4).
And it was there, on the outskirts of the crowd, that Jesus searched
him out and announced His intention to be a guest at his home (v. 5).

Zacchaeus’ story reminds us that Jesus came to “seek and to save the
lost,” offering His friendship and the gift of salvation (vv. 9–10).
Even if we feel on the edges of our communities, pushed to the “back
of the crowd,” we can be assured that, even there, Jesus finds us.

By:  Lisa M. Samra

Reflect & Pray

How have you experienced feelings of being pushed aside by friends or
family? In the midst of loneliness, how has Jesus found you and
invited you to spend time with Him?

Jesus, thank You for never simply walking by when I’m hurting but
stopping to invite me into friendship with You.
