https://odb.org/2019/11/20/fruitful-to-the-end/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Fruitful to the End

They will still bear fruit in old age, they will stay fresh and green.
Psalm 92:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 92:12–15

Although Lenore Dunlop was ninety-four years young, her mind was
sharp, her smile was bright, and her contagious love for Jesus was
felt by many. It wasn’t uncommon to find her in the company of the
youth of our church; her presence and participation were sources of
joy and encouragement. Lenore’s life was so vibrant that her death
caught us off guard. Like a powerful runner, she sprinted across
life’s finish line. Her energy and zeal were such that, just days
before her death, she completed a sixteen-week course that focused on
taking the message of Jesus to the peoples of the world.

The fruitful, God-honoring life of Lenore illustrates what’s seen in
Psalm 92:12–15. This psalm describes the budding, blossoming, and
fruit-bearing of those whose lives are rooted in a right relationship
with God (vv. 12–13). The two trees pictured were valued for their
fruit and wood, respectively; with these the psalmist captures a sense
of vitality, prosperity, and usefulness. When we see in our lives the
budding and blossoming fruit of loving, sharing, helping, and leading
others to Christ, we should rejoice.

Even for those who may be labeled “senior” or “seasoned,” it’s never
too late to take root and bear fruit. Lenore’s life was deeply rooted
in God through Jesus and testifies to this and to God’s goodness (v.
15). Ours can too.

By:  Arthur Jackson

Reflect & Pray

How does your life reflect the fruit found in a growing relationship
with Jesus? What can you add or eliminate to help you grow?

Father, give me the strength to bear fruit that clearly demonstrates
that my life is rooted in the life of Jesus, Your Son.
