https://odb.org/2020/01/20/clean-containers/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Clean Containers

Hatred stirs up conflict, but love covers over all wrongs.
Proverbs 10:12

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Peter 4:7–11

“Hatred corrodes the container that carries it.” These words were
spoken by former Senator Alan Simpson at the funeral of George H. W.
Bush. Attempting to describe his dear friend’s kindness, Senator
Simpson recalled how the forty-first president of the United States
embraced humor and love rather than hatred in his professional
leadership and personal relationships.

I relate to the senator’s quote, don’t you? Oh, the damage done to me
when I harbor hatred!

Medical research reveals the damage done to our bodies when we cling
to the negative or release bursts of anger. Our blood pressure rises.
Our hearts pound. Our spirits sag. Our containers corrode.

In Proverbs 10:12, King Solomon observes, “Hatred stirs up conflict,
but love covers over all wrongs.” The conflict that results from
hatred here is a blood feud between rivaling peoples of different
tribes and races. Such hatred fuels the drive for revenge so that
people who despise each other can’t connect.

By contrast, God’s way of love covers—draws a veil over, conceals, or
forgives—all wrongs. That doesn’t mean we overlook errors or enable a
wrongdoer. But we don’t nurse the wrong when someone is truly
remorseful. And if they never apologize, we still release our feelings
to God. We who know the Great Lover are to “love each other deeply,
because love covers over a multitude of sins” (1 Peter 4:8).

By:  Elisa Morgan

Reflect & Pray

What things cause you to hate? How might the hard-hearted heat of
hostility eat away at our personal joy and our world’s peace?

O God, help me surrender to Your great love that covers all sins and
makes me into a clean container in which You dwell in love.
