http://odb.org/2014/03/02/jesus-love-for-all/

Jesus’ Love For All

He, bearing His cross, went out to a place called the Place of a
Skull, . . . where they crucified Him. —
John 19:17-18

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 19:17-24

It was a bit unusual, but three times in one day I heard the same
song. In the early afternoon, I attended a hymnsing at a home for the
elderly. As part of her prayer at the end of our time together,
Willie, one of the residents, said, “Sing with me, ‘Jesus Loves Me.’”
In the evening, I attended a gathering with young people who sang it
while pounding out the beat with their hands and feet. Later that
evening, I received a text message on my phone with an audio recording
of my 2 1/2-year-old grandniece with a sweet little voice, singing, “I
am weak, but He is strong.” People in their nineties, teenagers, and a
toddler all sang that song that day.

After hearing that simple song three times, I began to think the Lord
might be telling me something. Actually, He gave us all this message
long ago: “I love you.” We read in John 19 that He allowed people to
put a crown of thorns on His head, mock Him, strike Him, strip Him,
and crucify Him (vv.1-6). He had the power to stop them, but He said
very little (v.11). He did it all for love’s sake to pay for our sins
and to rescue us from punishment.

How much does God love us? Jesus spread out His arms and was nailed to
the cross. He died for us, then rose again. That’s a precious fact for
young and old.

By:  Anne Cetas

Reflect & Pray

Jesus loves me! This I know, For the Bible tells me so; Little ones to
Him belong; They are weak but He is strong. —Warner

The truest measure of God’s love is that He loves without measure!
—Bernard of Clairvaux
