http://odb.org/2016/10/27/stage-by-stage/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Stage by Stage

At the Lord's command Moses recorded the stages in their journey.
Numbers 33:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: Numbers 33:1–15, 36–37

Numbers 33 is a chapter in the Bible we might pass by without
reflection. It appears to be nothing more than a long list of places
tracing Israel’s pilgrimage from Rameses in Egypt to their arrival in
the plains of Moab. But it must be important because it’s the only
section in Numbers that follows with the words: “At the Lord’s command
Moses recorded . . .” (v. 2).

Why keep a record of this? Could it be that this list provides a
framework upon which the Israelites emerging from the wilderness could
retrace that forty-year journey in their thoughts and recall God’s
faithfulness at each location?

I envision an Israelite father, sitting near a campfire, reminiscing
with his son: “I will never forget Rephidim! I was dying of thirst,
nothing but sand and sage for hundreds of miles. Then God directed
Moses to take his staff and strike a rock—actually a hard slab of
flint. I thought, What a futile gesture; he’ll never get anything out
of that stone. But to my amazement water gushed out of that rock! A
generous flow that satisfied the thirst of the thousands of
Israelites. I’ll never forget that day!” (see Ps. 114:8; Ex. 17:1–7;
Num. 33:14).

So why not give it a try? Reflect on your life—stage by stage—and
remember all the ways God has shown you His faithful, covenant love.

By:  David H. Roper

Reflect & Pray

Count your many blessings, name them one by one. Johnson Oatman Jr.
For reflection on the faithfulness of God, listen to this Discover the
Word program: discovertheword.org/faithfulness.

God’s faithfulness extends to all generations.
