https://odb.org/2021/03/04/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Knowing the Father

Jesus answered: “Don’t you know me, Philip, even after I have been
among you such a long time? Anyone who has seen me has seen the
Father.”
John 14:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 14:8–11

According to legend, British conductor Sir Thomas Beecham once saw a
distinguished-looking woman in a hotel foyer. Believing he knew her
but unable to remember her name, he paused to talk with her. As the
two chatted, he vaguely recollected that she had a brother. Hoping for
a clue, he asked how her brother was doing and whether he was still
working at the same job. “Oh, he’s very well,” she said, “And still
king.”

A case of mistaken identity can be embarrassing, as it was for Sir
Beecham. But at other times it may be more serious, as it was for
Jesus’ disciple Philip. The disciple knew Christ, of course, but he
hadn’t fully appreciated who He was. He wanted Jesus to “show [them]
the Father,” and Jesus responded, “Anyone who has seen me has seen the
Father” (John 14:8–9). As God’s unique Son, Christ reveals the Father
so perfectly that to know one is to know the other (vv. 10–11).

If we ever wonder what God is like in His character, personality, or
concern for others, we only need to look to Jesus to find out.
Christ’s character, kindness, love, and mercy reveal God’s character.
And although our amazing, awesome God is beyond our complete
comprehension and understanding, we have a tremendous gift in what
He’s revealed of Himself in Jesus.

By:  Con Campbell

Reflect & Pray

How well do you know God’s character? How does it match your
perception of who Jesus is?

Dear God, help me to grow in my knowledge and appreciation of who You
are.
