https://odb.org/2019/05/27/a-living-memorial-of-kindness/?utm_source=f
eedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily
+Bread%29

A Living Memorial of Kindness

David asked, “Is there anyone still left of the house of Saul to whom
I can show kindness for Jonathan's sake?”
2 Samuel 9:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Samuel 9:1–7

I grew up in a church full of traditions. One came into play when a
beloved family member or friend died. Often a church pew or possibly a
painting in a hallway showed up not long afterward with a brass plate
affixed: “In Memory of . . .” The deceased’s name would be etched
there, a shining reminder of a life passed on. I always appreciated
those memorials. And I still do. Yet at the same time they’ve always
given me pause because they are static, inanimate objects, in a very
literal sense something “not alive.” Is there a way to add an element
of “life” to the memorial?

Following the death of his beloved friend Jonathan, David wanted to
remember him and to keep a promise to him (1 Samuel 20:12–17). But
rather than simply seek something static, David searched and found
something very much alive—a son of Jonathan (2 Samuel 9:3). David’s
decision here is dramatic. He chose to extend kindness (v. 1) to
Mephibosheth (vv. 6–7) in the specific forms of restored property
(“all the land that belonged to your grandfather Saul”) and the
ongoing provision of food and drink (“you will always eat at my
table”).

As we continue to remember those who’ve died with plaques and
paintings, may we also recall David’s example and extend kindness to
those still living.

By:  John Blase

Reflect & Pray

Who has died that you don’t want to forget? What might a specific
kindness to another person look like for you?

Jesus, give me the strength to extend kindness in memory of the
kindness others have shown me, but most important because of Your
great kindness.
