https://odb.org/2019/05/05/small-but-significant/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

Small but Significant

On him we have set our hope that he will continue to deliver us, as
you help us by your prayers.
2 Corinthians 1:10–11

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Corinthians 1:8–11

The day started out like any other, but it ended as a nightmare.
Esther (not her real name) and several hundred women were kidnapped
from their boarding school by a religious militant group. A month
later all were released—except for Esther who refused to deny Christ.
As my friend and I read about her and others who are being persecuted
for their faith, our hearts were moved. We wanted to do something. But
what?

When writing to the Corinthian church, the apostle Paul shared about
the trouble he experienced in the province of Asia. The persecution
was so severe that he and his companions “despaired of life itself” (2
Corinthians 1:8). However, Paul was helped by the prayers of believers
(v. 11). Though the Corinthian church was many miles away from the
apostle, their prayers mattered and God heard them. Herein lies an
amazing mystery: the sovereign One has chosen to use our prayers to
accomplish His purpose. What a privilege!

Today we can continue to remember our brothers and sisters in Christ
who are suffering for their faith. There’s something we can do. We can
pray for those who are marginalized, oppressed, beaten, tortured, and
sometimes even killed for their belief in Christ. Let’s pray for them
to experience God’s comfort and encouragement and to be strengthened
with hope as they stand firmly with Jesus.

By:  Poh Fang Chia

Reflect & Pray

Who can you commit to praying for by name this week? When have you
experienced God’s faithfulness during a time of persecution?

In prayer, we cast ourselves at the feet of divine power.
