http://odb.org/2015/11/24/beyond-disappointment/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Beyond Disappointment

Hope in the Lord and keep his way.
Psalm 37:34

Today's Scripture: Genesis 29:14-30

Perhaps you’ve seen the video of the little boy who learns he’s
getting another sister. In the middle of his meltdown he laments,
“It’s always girls, girls, girls, girls!”

The story gives an amusing glimpse into human expectations, but
there’s nothing funny about disappointment. It saturates our world.
One story from the Bible seems especially steeped in disappointment.
Jacob agreed to work 7 years for the right to marry his boss’s
daughter Rachel. But after fulfilling his contract, Jacob got a
wedding night surprise. In the morning he discovered not Rachel but
her sister Leah.

We focus on Jacob’s disappointment, but imagine how Leah must have
felt! What hopes and dreams of hers began to die that day as she was
forced to marry a man who did not love or want her?

Psalm 37:4 tells us, “Take delight in the Lord, and he will give you
the desires of your heart.” Are we to believe that God-fearing people
are never disappointed? No, the psalm clearly shows that the writer
sees injustice all around him. But he takes the long view: “Be still
before the Lord and wait patiently for him” (v. 7). His conclusion:
“The meek will inherit the land” (v. 11).

In the end, it was Leah whom Jacob honored and buried in the family
grave plot with Abraham and Sarah, Isaac and Rebekah (Gen. 49:31). And
it was through the lineage of Leah—who in life thought she was
unloved—that God blessed the world with our Savior. Jesus brings
justice, restores hope, and gives us an inheritance beyond our wildest
dreams.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Lord, sometimes it’s so hard to wait patiently for good things.
Forgive us for comparing ourselves to others and for complaining about
what we don’t have. Help us meet You in a new way today.

Jesus is the only friend who never disappoints.
