http://odb.org/2014/11/28/amani/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed
&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Amani

God has not given us a spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of
a sound mind. —
2 Timothy 1:7

Today's Scripture: 1 Samuel 16:14-23

Amani, which means “peace” in Swahili, is the name of a Labrador
retriever pup that has some special friends. Amani lives with two
young cheetahs at the Dallas Zoo. Zoologists placed the animals
together so the cheetahs could learn Amani’s relaxed ways. Since dogs
are generally at ease in public settings, the experts predict that
Amani will be a “calming influence” in the cheetahs’ lives as they
grow up together.

David was a soothing influence in King Saul’s life when a “distressing
spirit” troubled him (1 Sam. 16:14). When Saul’s servants learned of
his problem, they thought music might ease his affliction. One servant
summoned David, who was a skilled harpist. Whenever the king became
troubled, David would play the harp. “Then Saul would become refreshed
and well” (v.23).

We crave refreshment and well-being when we are plagued by anger,
fear, or sadness. The God of the Bible is a “God of peace” (Heb.
13:20-21), One who gives His Holy Spirit to everyone who believes in
Him. When we’re agitated or anxious, we can remember that God’s Spirit
produces power, love, and self-control (2 Tim. 1:7). God’s influence
in our lives can create a calming effect—one that leads to comfort and
wholeness.

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

We’re grateful, Father, for the peace that You offer for our hearts.
Nothing has the power to take that away. Thank You that Your peace has
come to stay.

“Peace I leave with you, My peace I give to you; not as the world
gives do I give to you.” —Jesus
