https://odb.org/2019/01/25/the-wide-shot/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Wide Shot

You are a chosen people, a royal priesthood, a holy nation . . . that
you may declare the praises of him who called you out of darkness into
his wonderful light.
1 Peter 2:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Peter 2:1–10

During the television coverage of the inauguration of the first
African-American president of the US, the camera showed a panoramic
view of the enormous crowd of the nearly two million people who had
gathered to witness the historic event. CBS News correspondent Bob
Schieffer remarked, “The star of this show is the wide shot.” Nothing
else could capture the multitude stretching from the Lincoln Memorial
to the Capitol.

Scripture gives us a glimpse of an even larger throng, united by their
faith in Jesus Christ: “You are a chosen people, a royal priesthood, a
holy nation . . . that you may declare the praises of him who called
you out of darkness into his wonderful light” (1 Peter 2:9).

This is not an image of the privileged few, but of the ransomed many
from “every tribe and language and people and nation”
(Revelation 5:9). Today we are scattered across the globe, where many
feel isolated and suffer for their allegiance to Jesus. But through
the lens of God’s Word we see the wide shot of our brothers and
sisters in faith standing together to honor the One who redeemed us
and made us His own.

Let’s join together in praise to the One who brought us out of the
darkness and into the light!

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

We are in agreement, Lord, that You are worthy of all praise! We, Your
people, are in awe of You.

What praises do you have to give to God?
