https://odb.org/2020/02/11/next-door/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium
=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Nearby Neighbors

Better a neighbor nearby than a relative far away.
Proverbs 27:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Proverbs 27:1–10

Our neighborhood, like many others, uses a website to help neighbors
connect immediately with those surrounding them. In my community,
members warn one another of mountain lion sightings and wildfire
evacuation orders, as well as supply one another with child care when
the need arises. It has even proven to be a resource for locating
runaway pets. By leveraging the power of the internet, those living
near one another are connecting again in ways that are often lost in
today’s fast-paced world.

Being in relationship with those who live nearby was also important
long ago in the days of King Solomon. While family relationships are
truly important and can be a source of great support, Solomon
indicates that the role of a friend is vital—especially when “disaster
strikes” (Proverbs 27:10). Relatives might care deeply for their
family members and desire to be of help in such circumstances. But if
they’re far away, there’s little they can do in the moments when
calamity strikes. Neighbors, however, because they’re close by, are
likely to know of the need quickly and can assist more readily.

Because technology has made it easier than ever to remain connected
with loved ones across the globe, we may be tempted to overlook those
living nearby. Jesus, help us invest in relationships with the people
You’ve placed around us!

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

Who has brought you aid in your times of need? How can you come
alongside those living nearest you?

Thank You, God, for giving us neighbors to show care for one another.
