https://odb.org/2020/02/03/title/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=fee
d&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Fire Called Holy

He will baptize you with the Holy Spirit and fire.
Luke 3:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 3:15–18

After several years of drought, the wildfires of Southern California
left some residents thinking of them as acts of God. This disturbing
impression was reinforced when news sources began referring to one as
the Holy Fire. Many unfamiliar with the area didn’t realize it was a
reference to the Holy Jim Canyon region. But who was Holy Jim?
According to local history, he was a nineteenth-century beekeeper so
irreligious and cantankerous that neighbors tagged him with that
ironic nickname.

John the Baptist’s reference to a baptism of “the Holy Spirit and
fire” also came with its own story and explanation (Luke 3:16).
Looking back, he was likely thinking of the kind of Messiah and
refining fire foreseen by the prophet Malachi (3:1–3; 4:1). But only
after the Spirit of God came like wind and fire on the followers of
Jesus did the words of Malachi and John come into focus (Acts 2:1–4).

The fire John predicted wasn’t what was expected. As a true act of
God, it came with boldness to proclaim a different kind of Messiah and
holy flame. In the Spirit of Jesus, it exposed and consumed our futile
human efforts—while making room for the love, joy, peace, patience,
goodness, kindness, faithfulness, gentleness, and self-control of the
Holy Spirit (see Galatians 5:22–23). Those are the acts of God that He
would like to work in us.

By:  Mart DeHaan

Reflect & Pray

How has your life been affected by the work of the Holy Spirit? What
does it mean for you to pursue a holy—set apart—life before God?

Father in heaven, please replace our fear of Your Holy Spirit with a
love, joy, and peace that is as priceless as our stubborn ways are
worthless.
