http://odb.org/2015/03/20/a-gift-of-hope/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Gift Of Hope

He shall begin to deliver Israel out of the hand of the Philistines. —
Judges 13:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: Judges 13:1-7

When a powerful typhoon swept through the city of Tacloban,
Philippines, in 2013, an estimated 10,000 people died, and many who
survived found themselves homeless and jobless. Necessities became
scarce. Three months later, while the town was still struggling to dig
itself out from the destruction, a baby was born on a roadside near
Tacloban amid torrents of rain and strong wind. Although the weather
brought back painful memories, residents worked together to find a
midwife and transport the mother and newborn to a clinic. The baby
survived, thrived, and became a symbol of hope during a time of
despair.

Forty years of Philistine oppression marked a grim period in Israel’s
national history. During this time, an angel informed an Israelite
woman that she would give birth to a special son (Judg. 13:3).
According to the angel, the baby would be a Nazirite—a man set apart
to God—and would “begin to deliver Israel out of the hand of the
Philistines” (v.5). The infant, Samson, was a gift of hope born in a
troubled time.

Trouble is unavoidable, yet Jesus has the power to rescue us from
despair. Christ was born “to give light to those who sit in darkness
and the shadow of death, to guide our feet in the way of peace” (Luke
1:76-79).

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

Lord, help me to see beyond my circumstances and put my hope in You.
All authority and power are Yours. Remind me of Your goodness, and let
me rest in Your love.

Jesus is the hope that calms life’s storms.
