https://odb.org/2019/12/22/the-fathers-blessing/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Father’s Blessing

See what great love the Father has lavished on us.
1 John 3:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 John 3:1–3

Recently, several people within our church—those who had experienced
poor relationships with their fathers—asked me to stand in as a
loving, father figure and offer a blessing over them. The blessing
asked forgiveness for the ways a father can hurt his children by
setting expectations that are too high or being distant or failing to
offer tender presence and affirmation. It also pronounced delight,
admiration, and abundant love. As I shared the blessing, I wept. I
realized how I still needed to receive such words, and how much my
children need them too.

The Scriptures repeatedly speak of God as our Father, a reality
reshaping the distorted father images we might have. God, our eternal
Father, has “lavished on us” perfect love, making us “children of God”
(1 John 3:1). Our identity as God’s sons and daughters grounds us in
an uncertain, fear-inducing world. “We are children of God,” John
says, even though “what we will be has not yet been made known” (v.
2). Facing ever-present challenges, all we can truly count on is that
our Father loves and provides for us and never stops. When everything
is said and done, God says through the inspired words of John, we can
be certain we’ll be like Him (v. 2).

In the midst of our anxieties, wounds, and failures, our good Father
speaks a blessing of inexhaustible love. God insists we belong, for
He’s made us His children.

By:  Winn Collier

Reflect & Pray

What comes to mind when you ponder the word father? How does God’s
lavish love reshape the father image for you?

God, teach me more about how You are my Father. May I experience and
know Your care.
