http://odb.org/2016/05/30/praise-from-pure-hearts/?utm_source=feedburn
er&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%
29

Praise from Pure Hearts

A broken and contrite heart you, God, will not despise.
Psalm 51:17

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 51:7-17

During my friend Myrna’s travels to another country, she visited a
church for worship. She noticed that as people entered the sanctuary
they immediately knelt and prayed, facing away from the front of the
church. My friend learned that people in that church confessed their
sin to God before they began the worship service.

This act of humility is a picture to me of what David said in Psalm
51: “My sacrifice, O God, is a broken spirit; a broken and contrite
heart you, God, will not despise” (v. 17). David was describing his
own remorse and repentance for his sin of adultery with Bathsheba.
Real sorrow for sin involves adopting God’s view of what we’ve
done—seeing it as clearly wrong, disliking it, and not wanting it to
continue.

When we are truly broken over our sin, God lovingly puts us back
together. “If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just and will
forgive us our sins and purify us from all unrighteousness” (1 John
1:9). This forgiveness produces a fresh sense of openness with Him and
is the ideal starting point for praise. After David repented,
confessed, and was forgiven by God, he responded by saying, “Open my
lips, Lord, and my mouth will declare your praise” (Ps. 51:15).

Humility is the right response to God’s holiness. And praise is our
heart’s response to His forgiveness.

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

Dear God, help me never to excuse or minimize my sin. Please meet me
in my brokenness, and let nothing hold me back from praising Your
name.

Praise is the song of a soul set free.
