https://odb.org/2021/03/15/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Caring Letters

You are a chosen people, a royal priesthood, a holy nation, God’s
special possession.
1 Peter 2:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Peter 2:4–10

Decades ago, Dr. Jerry Motto discovered the power of a “caring
letter.” His research found that simply sending a letter expressing
care to discharged patients who had previously attempted suicide
reduced the rate of recurrence by half. Recently, health care
providers have rediscovered this power when sending “caring” texts,
postcards, and even social media memes as follow-up treatment for the
severely depressed.

Twenty-one “books” in the Bible are actually letters—epistles—caringly
written to first-century believers who struggled for a variety of
reasons. Paul, James, and John wrote letters to explain the basics of
faith and worship, and how to resolve conflict and build unity.

The apostle Peter, however, specifically wrote to believers who were
being persecuted by the Roman emperor, Nero. Peter reminded them of
their intrinsic value to God, describing them this way in 1 Peter 2:9,
“You are a chosen people, a royal priesthood, a holy nation, God’s
special possession.” This lifted their gaze to God’s great purpose for
them in their world: “that you may declare the praises of him who
called you out of darkness into his wonderful light.”

Our great God Himself wrote a book filled with caring letters to
us—inspired Scripture—that we might always have a record of the value
He assigns us as His own. May we read His letters daily and share them
with others who need the hope Jesus offers.

By:  Elisa Morgan

Reflect & Pray

How does reading the Epistles as caring letters help you receive God’s
encouragement? How will you share the hope of God’s caring letters
today?

Loving God, thank You for the caring letters in the Bible!
