http://odb.org/2014/04/14/mistaken-identity/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Mistaken Identity

He said to them, “But who do you say that I am?” —
Matthew 16:15

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 16:13-20

My youngest brother, Scott, was born when I was a senior in high
school. This age difference made for an interesting situation when he
grew to college age. On his first trip to his college campus, I went
along with him and our mom. When we arrived, people thought we were
Scott Crowder and his dad and his grandmom. Eventually, we gave up
correcting them. No matter what we said or did, our actual
relationships were overridden by this humorous case of mistaken
identity.

Jesus questioned the Pharisees about His identity: “What do you think
about the Christ? Whose Son is He?” They replied, “The Son of David”
(Matt. 22:42). The identity of Messiah was critical, and their answer
was correct but incomplete. The Scriptures had affirmed that Messiah
would come and reign on the throne of His father David. But Jesus
reminded them that though David would be Christ’s ancestor, He would
also be more—David referred to Him as “Lord.”

Faced with a similar question, Peter rightly answered, “You are the
Christ, the Son of the living God” (Matt. 16:16). Still today, the
question of Jesus’ identity rises above the rest in significance—and
it is eternally important that we make no mistake in understanding who
He is.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Frail children of dust, and feeble as frail, In Thee do we trust, nor
find Thee to fail; Thy mercies how tender, how firm to the end, Our
Maker, Defender, Redeemer, and Friend. —Grant

No mistake is more dangerous than mistaking the identity of Jesus.
