https://odb.org/2020/12/19/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Who Are You Wearing?

I have taken away your sin, and I will put fine garments on you.
Zechariah 3:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: Zechariah 3:1–7,10

The Argentine women’s basketball team came to their tournament game
wearing the wrong uniforms. Their navy blue jerseys were too similar
to Colombia’s dark blue jerseys, and as the visiting team they should
have worn white. With no time to find replacement uniforms and change,
they had to forfeit the game. In the future, Argentina will surely
double-check what they’re wearing.

In the time of the prophet Zechariah, God showed him a vision in which
the high priest Joshua came before God wearing smelly, filthy clothes.
Satan sneered and pointed. He’s disqualified! Game over! But there was
time to change. God rebuked Satan and told His angel to remove
Joshua’s grubby garments. He turned to Joshua, “See, I have taken away
your sin, and I will put fine garments on you” (Zechariah 3:4).

We came into this world wearing the stench of Adam’s sin, which we
layer over with sin of our own. If we stay in our filthy clothes,
we’ll lose the game of life. If we become disgusted with our sin and
turn to Jesus, He’ll dress us from head to toe with Himself and His
righteousness. It’s time to check, Who are we wearing?

The final stanza of the hymn “The Solid Rock” explains how we win.
“When He shall come with trumpet sound, / Oh, may I then in Him be
found; / Dressed in His righteousness alone, / Faultless to stand
before the throne.”

By:  Mike Wittmer

Reflect & Pray

Who are you wearing? Are you trusting in your own goodness or Jesus?
Which do you want God and others to notice?

Jesus, thank You for providing the way for my sin to be removed and
for Your righteousness to cover me.
