https://odb.org/2020/11/25/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Anyone and Everyone

Everyone who calls on the name of the Lord will be saved.
Romans 10:13

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 10:5–15

The country of El Salvador has honored Jesus by placing a sculpture of
Him in the center of its capital city. Although the monument resides
in the middle of a busy traffic circle, its height makes it easy to
see, and its name—The Divine Savior of the World—communicates
reverence for His supernatural status.

The monument’s name affirms what the Bible says about Jesus (1 John
4:14). He’s the One who offers salvation to everyone. Christ crosses
cultural boundaries and accepts any sincere person who wants to know
Him, regardless of age, education, ethnicity, past sin, or social
status.

The apostle Paul traveled the ancient world telling people about
Jesus’ life, death, and resurrection. He shared this good news with
political and religious authorities, soldiers, Jews, gentiles, men,
women, and children. Paul explained that a person could begin a
relationship with Christ by declaring “Jesus is Lord” and believing
that God had indeed raised Him from the dead (Romans 10:9). He said,
“Anyone who believes in him will never be put to shame. . . . Everyone
who calls on the name of the Lord will be saved” (vv. 11, 13).

Jesus isn’t a distant image to be honored; we must have a person-to-
person connection with Him through faith. May we see the value of the
salvation He offers and move forward into a spiritual relationship
with Him today.

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

How can you get closer to Jesus today? Do you follow Paul’s “anyone
and everyone” approach to sharing the good news about Christ?

Jesus, thank You for loving everyone and offering eternal life to
anyone who truly wants to know You. Help me to represent You well in
the world today.
