https://odb.org/2017/06/19/driven-by-god/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Driven by God

May he turn our hearts to him, to walk in obedience to him.
1 Kings 8:58

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Kings 8:54–63

A few months ago I received an email inviting me to join a community
of “driven people.” I decided to look up the word driven, and I
learned that a driven person is someone highly motivated to succeed
and who will work hard to achieve his goals.

Is it good to be a driven person? There is a test that never fails:
“Do it all for the glory of God” (1 Cor. 10:31). Many times we do
things for self-glory. After the flood in Noah’s day, a group of
people decided to build a tower in order to “make a name” for
themselves (Gen. 11:4). They wanted to be famous and avoid being
scattered all over the world. Because they were not doing it for God’s
glory, though, they were erroneously driven.

In contrast, when King Solomon dedicated the ark of the covenant and
the newly constructed temple, he said, “I have built the temple for
the Name of the Lord” (1 Kings 8:20). Then he prayed, “May he turn our
hearts to him, to walk in obedience to him and keep the commands” (v.
58).

When our greatest desire is to bring glory to God and walk in
obedience, we become driven people who seek to love and serve Jesus in
the power of the Spirit. Let our prayer echo Solomon’s. May our
“hearts be fully committed to the Lord our God, to live by his decrees
and obey his commands” (v. 61).

By:  Keila Ochoa

Reflect & Pray

Father, give me the desire to obey You and do everything for Your
glory. For help in your spiritual growth, read God at the Center at
discoveryseries.org/hp152.

Do everything for the glory of God.
