https://odb.org/2020/07/30/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Touch the Needy

He put his hands on her, and immediately she straightened up and
praised God.
Luke 13:13

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 13:10–17

It wasn’t surprising when Mother Teresa received the Nobel Peace
Prize. True to form, she received the award “in the name of the
hungry, of the naked, of the homeless, of the blind, of the lepers, of
all those who feel unwanted, unloved, uncared for throughout society.”
Those were the people she ministered to for most of her life.

Jesus modeled how to care for and love the marginalized, regardless of
circumstances. Unlike the synagogue leaders who respected the Sabbath
law more than the sick (Luke 13:14), when Jesus saw an ill woman at
the temple, He was moved with compassion. He looked beyond the
physical impairment and saw God’s beautiful creation in bondage. He
called her to Him and said she was healed. Then He “put his hands on
her, and immediately she straightened up and praised God” (v. 13). By
touching her, He upset the leader of the synagogue because it was the
Sabbath. Jesus, the Lord of the Sabbath (Luke 6:5), compassionately
chose to heal the woman—a person who had faced discomfort and
humiliation for nearly two decades.

I wonder how often we see someone as undeserving of our compassion. Or
maybe we’ve experienced rejection because we didn’t meet somebody
else’s standard. May we not be like the religious elite who cared more
about rules than fellow humans. Instead, let’s follow Jesus’ example
and treat others with compassion, love, and dignity.

By:  Estera Pirosca Escobar

Reflect & Pray

How have you experienced God’s healing and touch? Who can you show
compassion to this week?

Jesus, thank You for Your infinite love and incredible compassion for
all humans, including those marred by disease and difficulties.
