http://odb.org/2014/02/03/resolve-to-resolve/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Resolve To Resolve

Resolve this, not to put a stumbling block or a cause to fall in our
brother’s way. —
Romans 14:13

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 14:1-13

I haven’t made any New Year’s resolutions since 1975. I haven’t needed
any new ones—I’m still working on old ones like these: write at least
a short note in my journal every day; make a strong effort to read my
Bible and pray each day; organize my time; try to keep my room clean
(this was before I had a whole house to keep clean).

This year, however, I am adding a new resolution that I found in
Paul’s letter to the Romans: “Let us not judge one another anymore,
but rather resolve this, not to put a stumbling block or a cause to
fall in our brother’s way” (14:13). Although this resolution is old
(about 2,000 years), it is one that we should renew annually. Like
believers in Rome centuries ago, believers today sometimes make up
rules for others to follow and insist on adherence to certain
behaviors and beliefs that the Bible says little or nothing about.
These “stumbling blocks” make it difficult for followers of Jesus to
continue in the way of faith that He came to show us—that salvation is
by grace not works (Gal. 2:16). It requires only that we trust in His
death and resurrection for forgiveness.

We can celebrate this good news of Christ in the coming year by
resolving not to set up hurdles that cause people to stumble.

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

Thank You, Lord, that You sent the Holy Spirit to do the work of
convincing and convicting. May I be content with my own assignment: to
do what leads to peace and edification.

Faith is the hand that receives God’s gift, then faith is the feet
that walk with God.
