http://odb.org/2014/04/04/check-the-oil/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Check The Oil

My voice You shall hear in the morning, O Lord; in the morning I will
direct it to You, and I will look up. —
Psalm 5:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 5

When I helped our daughters learn to drive, I included a little
instruction on basic auto maintenance. We visited a local service
station where they learned to check the oil every time they put fuel
in the car. Today, years later, they often remind me of my six-word
slogan, “Oil is cheap; engines are expensive.” Adding a quart of oil
is nothing compared to replacing an engine.

Maintenance is also important in our spiritual lives. Taking time each
day to read the Bible, pray, and listen to God is a key element in
avoiding a breakdown. In Psalm 5, David wrote, “My voice You shall
hear in the morning, O Lord; in the morning I will direct it to You”
(v.3). In the following verses he poured out his heart in praise,
thanksgiving, and requests to God.

Many people find it essential to begin every day with the Lord. Before
checking email, catching the news, or eating breakfast, they find some
quiet moments alone to read a portion of God’s Word, praise Him for
His greatness, thank Him for His love, and seek His guidance. Others
spend time reading and praying at different times of the day.

It’s not magic—it’s maintenance, as we ask the Lord each day to fill
our hearts with His presence on the road of life.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Give me a strong desire, O Lord, to look into Your Word each day. Help
me hide it in my heart so that I might not stray from Your truth. Feed
me and teach me about Yourself and Your will for me.

The roots of stability come from being grounded in God’s Word and
prayer.
