http://odb.org/2012/11/10/in-the-face-of-fear/

In The Face Of Fear

But immediately Jesus spoke to them, saying, “Be of good cheer! It is
I; do not be afraid.” —
Matthew 14:27

Today's Scripture: Matthew 14:22-33

I’ll never forget my childhood fear that the clothes thrown on my
chair would turn into a shadowy dragon-like figure after my bedroom
lights were turned off. My early experience of fear-driven insomnia
reminds me that when trouble arrives on the doorstep of life, fear is
not our friend. It disables us from moving forward and causes us to
shrink from doing what is right—unless we have our eyes fixed on
Jesus.

When the disciples faced the raging seas that were threatening to
sweep them overboard, Jesus, walking on the water, assured them, “It
is I; do not be afraid” (Matt. 14:27). And to His followers who were
fearfully locked away in a room after His crucifixion, Jesus appeared
and asked, “Why are you troubled? And why do doubts arise in your
hearts?” (Luke 24:38). Recognizing the inevitability of trials, He
said, “In the world you will have tribulation; but be of good cheer, I
have overcome the world” (John 16:33). The point is clear. Trusting in
His presence and power is the antidote to fear.

As the familiar hymn says, “Turn your eyes upon Jesus, look full in
His wonderful face. And the things of earth will grow strangely dim in
the light of His glory and grace” (Helen Howarth Lemmel. © Renewal
1950, H. H. Lemmel). We can rest peacefully in the knowledge that God
is with us.

By:  Joe Stowell

Reflect & Pray

Lord, in our weak and fearful moments, remind us that Your love for us
guarantees Your presence with us and Your power against our fears.
Teach us to trust in You.

Trust the presence and power of Jesus in the midst of life’s storms.
