https://odb.org/2019/12/03/the-envelope

The Lost Envelope

Store up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where moths and vermin do
not destroy, and where thieves do not break in and steal.
Matthew 6:20

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 6:19–21

We were on the way home from a visit with family in another state when
I found it. I was pumping gas when I noticed a dirty, bulky envelope
on the ground. I grabbed it, dirt and all, and looked inside. To my
surprise, it contained one hundred dollars.

One hundred dollars that someone had lost and who at that very moment
was possibly frantically searching to find. I gave our phone number to
the attendants at the gas station in case anyone came back looking for
it. But no one ever called.

Someone had that money and lost it. Earthly treasure is often like
that. It can be lost, stolen, or even squandered. It can be lost in
bad investments or even in a monetary market over which we have no
control. But the heavenly treasure we have in Jesus—a restored
relationship with God and the promise of eternal life—isn’t like that.
We can’t lose it at a gas station or anywhere else.

That’s why Christ told us to store up “treasures in heaven” (Matthew
6:20). We do that when we become “rich in good deeds” (1 Timothy 6:18)
or “rich in faith” (James 2:5)—lovingly helping others and sharing
Jesus with them. As God leads and empowers us, may we store up eternal
treasure even as we anticipate our eternal future with Him.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

What can you do this week that has eternal implications? How can you
better use your earthly treasures as investments for heaven’s good?

Dear God, thank You for everything You’ve given us on this earth—our
money, our homes, and more. Help us to hold them loosely while seeking
to store up more eternal treasures.
