https://odb.org/2020/06/29/simply-ask/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_mediu
m=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Simply Ask

Before they call I will answer.
Isaiah 65:24

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Kings 5:9–14

Her doctor said her detached retinas couldn’t be repaired. But after
living without sight for fifteen years—learning Braille, and using a
cane and service dog—a Montana woman’s life changed when her husband
asked another eye doctor a simple question: could she be helped? The
answer was yes. As the doctor discovered, the woman had a common eye
condition, cataracts, which the doctor removed from her right eye.
When the eye patch came off the next day, her vision was 20/20. A
second surgery for her left eye met with equal success.

A simple question also changed the life of Naaman, a powerful military
man with leprosy. But Naaman raged arrogantly at the prophet Elisha’s
instructions to “wash yourself seven times in the Jordan, and your
flesh will be restored” (2 Kings 5:10). Naaman’s servants, however,
asked the military leader a simple question: “If the prophet had told
you to do some great thing, would you not have done it?” (v. 13).
Persuaded, Naaman washed “and his flesh was restored and became clean”
(v. 14).

In our lives, sometimes we struggle with a problem because we won’t
ask God. Will You help? Should I go? Will You lead? He doesn’t require
complicated questions from us to help. “Before they call I will
answer,” God promised His people (Isaiah 65:24). So today, simply ask
Him.

By:  Patricia Raybon

Reflect & Pray

How complex are your prayer requests? What life problem can you offer
to God in a simple prayer?

Dear heavenly Father, when life feels complicated and difficult, thank
You for Your promise to hear even my simple prayers.
