http://odb.org/2012/07/29/not-a-myth/

Not A Myth

After that He was seen by over five hundred brethren at once, of whom
the greater part remain to the present, but some have fallen asleep. —
1 Corinthians 15:6

Today's Scripture: 1 Corinthians 15:1-11

I’m fascinated with history, so I eagerly watched a television special
on England’s great King Arthur. A theme surfaced as each historian
acknowledged that there were no eyewitness accounts nor historical
evidence to support the story of King Arthur, his knights, and their
Round Table. Repeatedly, the story was referred to as “legend” or
“mythology.” It appears that the story is merely a legend woven
together over centuries from fragments of other stories.

The good news of the gospel, however, is not rooted in mythology or
legend but in verified fact, and it’s the greatest story ever told.
Paul wrote that the most important event in human history—the
resurrection of Jesus Christ—is supported by actual eyewitnesses.
While listing disciples who had seen the risen Christ, Paul punctuated
the list of eyewitnesses by writing, “After that He was seen by over
five hundred brethren at once, of whom the greater part remain to the
present, but some have fallen asleep” (1 Cor. 15:6). At the time of
Paul’s writing, many of those witnesses were still alive and available
for questioning.

The resurrection of Christ is not a myth. It is the factual pivot-
point of history.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Up from the grave He arose, With a mighty triumph o’er His foes; He
arose a Victor from the dark domain, And He lives forever with His
saints to reign. —Lowry

The resurrection of Jesus Christ is the best attested fact of ancient
history. —Arnold
