https://odb.org/2020/12/28/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Rebuilding the Ruins

Then this city will bring me renown, joy, praise and honor.
Jeremiah 33:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: Jeremiah 33:6–11

At seventeen, Dowayne had to leave his family’s home in Manenberg, a
part of Cape Town, South Africa, because of his stealing and addiction
to heroin. He didn’t go far, building a shack of corrugated metal in
his mother’s backyard, which soon became known as the Casino, a place
to use drugs. When he was nineteen, however, Dowayne came to saving
faith in Jesus. His journey off drugs was long and exhausting, but he
got clean with God’s help and with the support of friends who are
believers in Jesus. And ten years after Dowayne built the Casino, he
and others turned the hut into a house church. What was once a dark
and foreboding place now is a place of worship and prayer.

The leaders of this church look to Jeremiah 33 for how God can bring
healing and restoration to people and places, as He’s done with
Dowayne and the former Casino. The prophet Jeremiah spoke to God’s
people in captivity, saying that although the city would not be
spared, yet God would heal His people and would “rebuild them,”
cleansing them from their sin (Jeremiah 33:7–8). Then the city would
bring Him joy, renown, and honor (v. 9).

When we’re tempted to despair over the sin that brings heartbreak and
brokenness, let’s continue to pray that God will bring healing and
hope, even as He’s done in a backyard in Manenberg.

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

How have you seen God bring restoration in your own life and in the
lives of others? How can you pray for His healing this day?

God, thank You for sparking new life in what appeared to be dead.
Continue to work in me, that I might share Your saving love with
others.
