https://odb.org/2017/08/13/from-fear-to-faith/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

From Fear to Faith

The Sovereign Lord is my strength; he makes my feet like the feet of a
deer.
Habakkuk 3:19

Today's Scripture & Insight: Habakkuk 3:16–19

The doctor’s words landed in her heart with a thud. It was cancer. Her
world stopped as she thought of her husband and children. They had
prayed diligently, hoping for a different outcome. What would they do?
With tears streaming down her face, she said softly, “God, this is
beyond our control. Please be our strength.”

What do we do when the prognosis is devastating, when our
circumstances are beyond our control? Where do we turn when the
outlook seems hopeless?

The prophet Habakkuk’s situation was out of his control, and the fear
that he felt terrified him. The coming judgment would be catastrophic
(Hab. 3:16–17). Yet, in the midst of the impending chaos, Habakkuk
made a choice to live by his faith (2:4) and rejoice in God (3:18). He
did not place his confidence and faith in his circumstances, ability,
or resources, but in the goodness and greatness of God. His trust in
God compelled him to proclaim: “The Sovereign Lord is my strength; he
makes my feet like the feet of a deer, he enables me to tread on the
heights” (v. 19).

When we are faced with difficult circumstances—sickness, family
crisis, financial trouble—we, too, have only to place our faith and
trust in God. He is with us in everything we face.

By:  Karen Wolfe

Reflect & Pray

Dear God, I thank You that I can always turn to You. When I am faced
with the difficulties of life, I can put my trust in You. Thank you
that You are my “refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble.”
Psalm 46:1

When faced with difficult circumstances we can trust God to be our
strength.
