https://odb.org/2019/11/27/greedy-grasping/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Greedy Grasping

Better one handful with tranquillity than two handfuls with toil and
chasing after the wind.
Ecclesiastes 4:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ecclesiastes 4:4–8

In the ancient fable The Boy and the Filberts (Nuts), a boy sticks his
hand into a jar of nuts and grabs a great fistful. But his hand is so
full that it gets stuck in the jar. Unwilling to lose even a little of
his bounty, the boy begins to weep. Eventually, he’s counseled to let
go of some of the nuts so the jar will let go of his hand. Greed can
be a hard boss.

The wise teacher of Ecclesiastes illustrates this moral with a lesson
on hands and what they say about us. He compared and contrasted the
lazy with the greedy when he wrote: “Fools fold their hands and ruin
themselves. Better one handful with tranquillity than two handfuls
with toil and chasing after the wind” (4:5–6). While the lazy
procrastinate until they’re ruined, those who pursue wealth come to
realize their efforts are “meaningless—a miserable business!” (v. 8).

According to the teacher, the desired state is to relax from the toil
of greedy grasping in order to find contentment in what truly belongs
to us. For that which is ours will always remain. As Jesus said, “What
good is it for someone to gain the whole world, yet forfeit their
soul” (Mark 8:36).

By:  Remi Oyedele

Reflect & Pray

What are you driven to pursue and grasp? How can you apply the wise
words of Ecclesiastes in order to find tranquility?

God, thank You for Your provision and faithful presence in my life.
Help me to live in a contented way, exhibiting true gratefulness to
You.
