https://odb.org/2020/10/09/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Critical Reaction

The one who is patient calms a quarrel.
Proverbs 15:18

Today's Scripture & Insight: Proverbs 15:1–2, 31–33

Tough words hurt. So my friend—an award-winning author—struggled with
how to respond to the criticism he received. His new book had earned
five-star reviews plus a major award. Then a respected magazine
reviewer gave him a backhanded compliment, describing his book as
well-written yet still criticizing it harshly. Turning to friends, he
asked, “How should I reply?”

One friend advised, “Let it go.” I shared advice from writing
magazines, including tips to ignore such criticism or learn from it
even while continuing to work and write.

Finally, however, I decided to see what Scripture—which has the best
advice of all—has to say about how to react to strong criticism. The
book of James advises, “Everyone should be quick to listen, slow to
speak and slow to become angry” (1:19). The apostle Paul counsels us
to “live in harmony with one another” (Romans 12:16).

An entire chapter of Proverbs, however, offers extended wisdom on
reacting to disputes. “A gentle answer turns away wrath,” says
Proverbs 15:1. “The one who is patient calms a quarrel” (v. 18). Also,
“The one who heeds correction gains understanding” (v. 32).
Considering such wisdom, may God help us hold our tongues, as my
friend did. More than all, however, wisdom instructs us to “fear the
Lord ” because “humility comes before honor” (v. 33).

By:  Patricia Raybon

Reflect & Pray

What’s your typical reaction when you’re criticized? In a dispute,
what’s a humble way you can guard your tongue?

Dear God, when criticism strikes or a dispute hurts, guard my tongue
in humble honor of You.
