http://odb.org/2011/05/11/the-benefit-of-the-doubt/

The Benefit Of The Doubt

[Love] bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things,
endures all things. —
1 Corinthians 13:7

Today's Scripture: 1 Corinthians 13

In 1860, Thomas Inman recommended that his fellow doctors not
prescribe a medicine for a cure if they weren’t sure it would work.
They were to give the patient “the benefit of our doubts.” This phrase
is also a legal term meaning that if a jury has conflicting evidence
that makes the jurors doubtful, they are to give the verdict of “not
guilty.”

Perhaps as Christians, we can learn from and apply this medical and
legal phrase to our relationships. Better yet, we can learn from the
Bible about giving the benefit of the doubt to others. First
Corinthians 13:7 says that love “bears all things, believes all
things, hopes all things, endures all things.” Leon Morris, in the
Tyndale New Testament Commentaries, says this about the phrase
“believes all things”: “To see the best in others . . . . This does
not mean that love is gullible, but that it does not think the worst
(as is the way of the world). It retains its faith. Love is not
deceived . . . but it is always ready to give the benefit of the
doubt.”

When we hear something negative about others or we’re suspicious about
the motive for their actions, let’s stop before we judge their
intentions as wrong or bad. Let’s give them the benefit of the doubt.

By:  Anne Cetas

Reflect & Pray

Thinking It Over To learn more about the love described in 1
Corinthians 13, read What Is Real Love? at
www.discoveryseries.org/q0714

Love gives others the benefit of the doubt.
