https://odb.org/2021/04/15/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Baggage Activity

Love them as yourself, for you were foreigners in Egypt.
Leviticus 19:34

Today's Scripture & Insight: Leviticus 19:32–34

Karen, a middle school teacher, created an activity to teach her
students how to better understand one another. In “The Baggage
Activity” students wrote down some of the emotional weights they were
carrying. The notes were shared anonymously, giving the students
insight into each other’s hardships, often with a tearful response
from their peers. The classroom has since been filled with a deeper
sense of mutual respect among the young teens, who now have a greater
sense of empathy for one another.

Throughout the Bible, God has nudged His people to treat one another
with dignity and show empathy in their interaction with others (Romans
12:15). As early in the history of Israel as the book of Leviticus,
God pointed the Israelites toward empathy—especially in their dealings
with foreigners. He said to “love them as [themselves]” because they
too had been foreigners in Egypt and knew that hardship intimately
(Leviticus 19:34).

Sometimes the burdens we carry make us feel like foreigners—alone and
misunderstood—even among our peers. We don’t always have a similar
experience to draw on as the Israelites did with the foreigners among
them. Yet we can always treat those God puts in our paths with the
respect and understanding that we, ourselves, desire. Whether a
modern-day middle schooler, an Israelite, or anything in between, we
honor God when we do.

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

Who around you might need your empathy for the burdens they carry? How
can you “love them as yourself”?

God, You know the weight in my heart and You graciously unburden me as
I put my trust in You. Help me to offer care and compassion toward
those in my life.
