https://odb.org/2017/05/01/gideons-question/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Questions for God

Go with the strength you have . . . . I will be with you. nlt
Judges 6:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: Judges 6:11–16, 24

What would you do if the Lord showed up in the middle of your workday
with a message? This happened to Gideon, one of the ancient
Israelites. “The angel of the Lord appeared to him and said, ‘Mighty
hero, the Lord is with you!’ ” Gideon could have responded with a
wordless nod and gulp, but instead he said, “If the Lord is with us,
why has all this happened to us?” (Judg. 6:12–13 nlt). Gideon wanted
to know why it seemed as if God had abandoned His people.

God didn’t answer that question. After Gideon had endured seven years
of enemy attacks, starvation, and hiding in caves, God didn’t explain
why He never intervened. God could have revealed Israel’s past sin as
the reason, but instead He gave Gideon hope for the future. God said,
“Go with the strength you have . . . . I will be with you. And you
will destroy the Midianites” (vv.14, 16 nlt).

Do you ever wonder why God has allowed suffering in your life? Instead
of answering that specific question, God may satisfy you with His
nearness today and remind you that you can rely on His strength when
you feel weak. When Gideon finally believed that God was with him and
would help him, he built an altar and called it “The Lord Is Peace”
(v. 24).

There is peace in knowing that whatever we do and wherever we go, we
go with God who promised never to leave or forsake His followers.

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

For help, read Why? Seeing God in Our Pain at
discoveryseries.org/cb151.

What could be better than getting answers to our why questions?
Trusting a good and powerful God.
