http://odb.org/2016/10/06/praising-and-asking/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Praising and Asking

The highest heavens . . . cannot contain you. How much less this
temple I have built!
2 Chronicles 6:18

Today's Scripture: 2 Chronicles 6:12–21

Teen Challenge, a ministry to at-risk youth that started in New York
City, was born from an unusual commitment to prayer. Its founder,
David Wilkerson, sold his television set and spent his TV-watching
time (two hours each night) praying. In the months that followed, he
not only gained clarity about his new endeavor but he also learned
about the balance between praising God and asking Him for help.

King Solomon’s temple dedication prayer shows this balance. Solomon
began by highlighting God’s holiness and faithfulness. Then he gave
God credit for the success of the project and emphasized God’s
greatness, declaring, “The heavens, even the highest heavens, cannot
contain you. How much less this temple I have built!” (2 Chron. 6:18).

After exalting God, Solomon asked Him to pay special attention to
everything that happened inside the temple. He asked God to show mercy
to the Israelites and to provide for them when they confessed their
sin.

Immediately after Solomon’s prayer, “fire came down from heaven and
consumed the burnt offering and the sacrifices, and the glory of the
Lord filled the temple” (7:1). This incredible response reminds us
that the mighty One we praise and speak to when we pray is the same
One who listens to and cares about our requests.

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

How would you describe your conversations with God? What might help
you grow closer to Him as you pray? Read more about talking to God at
discoveryseries.org/hp135.

Prayer helps us see things as God sees them.
