https://odb.org/2017/05/31/the-beauty-of-brokenness/?utm_source=feedbu
rner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Brea
d%29

The Beauty of Brokenness

My sacrifice, O God, is a broken spirit.
Psalm 51:17

Today's Scripture: Psalm 51

Kintsugi is a centuries-old Japanese art of mending broken pottery.
Gold dust mixed with resin is used to reattach broken pieces or fill
in cracks, resulting in a striking bond. Instead of trying to hide the
repair, the art makes something beautiful out of brokenness.

The Bible tells us that God also values our brokenness, when we are
genuinely sorry for a sin we have committed. After David engaged in
adultery with Bathsheba and plotted the death of her husband, the
prophet Nathan confronted him, and he repented. David’s prayer
afterwards gives us insight into what God desires when we have sinned:
“You do not delight in sacrifice, or I would bring it; you do not take
pleasure in burnt offerings. My sacrifice, O God, is a broken spirit;
a broken and contrite heart you, God, will not despise” (Ps.
51:16–17).

When our heart is broken over a sin, God mends it with the priceless
forgiveness generously offered by our Savior at the cross. He receives
us with love when we humble ourselves before Him, and closeness is
restored.

How merciful is God! Given His desire for a humble heart and the
breathtaking beauty of His kindness, may another scriptural prayer be
ours today: “Search me, God, and know my heart; test me and know my
anxious thoughts. See if there is any offensive way in me, and lead me
in the way everlasting” (Ps. 139:23–24).

By:  James Banks

Reflect & Pray

Loving Father, I want to bring You joy by having a humble and
repentant heart today.

Godly sorrow leads to joy.
