http://odb.org/2016/04/26/meant-to-be-understood/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

Meant to Be Understood

Everything that was written in the past was written to teach us.
Romans 15:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 15:1-6

I enjoy visiting museums such as the National Gallery in London and
the State Tretyakov Gallery in Moscow. While most of the art is
breathtaking, some of it confuses me. I look at seemingly random
splashes of color on canvas and realize I have no idea what I am
seeing—even though the artist is a master at his craft.

Sometimes we can feel the same way about the Scriptures. We wonder, Is
it even possible to understand them? Where do I start? Perhaps Paul’s
words can give us some help: “Everything that was written in the past
was written to teach us, so that through the endurance taught in the
Scriptures and the encouragement they provide we might have hope”
(Rom. 15:4).

God has given us the Scriptures for our instruction and encouragement.
He has also given us His Spirit to help us to know His mind. Jesus
said that He was sending the Spirit to “guide [us] into all the truth”
(John 16:13). Paul affirms this in 1 Corinthians 2:12, saying, “What
we have received is not the spirit of the world, but the Spirit who is
from God, so that we may understand what God has freely given us.”

With the help of the Spirit, we can approach the Bible with
confidence, knowing that through its pages God wants us to know Him
and His ways.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Father, thank You for giving us Your Son to bring us into relationship
with You. Thank You for giving us the Scriptures so that we can know
You better. And thank You for giving us Your Spirit to guide us into
the truth of what we need to know about You and Your great love.

Read the Bible to get to know its Author.
