http://odb.org/2014/01/07/words-that-help-and-heal/?utm_source=feedbur
ner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread
%29

Words That Help And Heal

Our Father in heaven, hallowed be Your name. —
Matthew 6:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 6:5-15

On November 19, 1863, two well-known men gave speeches at the
dedication of the Soldiers’ National Cemetery in Gettysburg,
Pennsylvania. The featured speaker, Edward Everett, was a former
congressman, governor, and president of Harvard University. Considered
one of the greatest orators of his day, Mr. Everett delivered a formal
address lasting 2 hours. He was followed by President Abraham Lincoln,
whose speech lasted 2 minutes.

Today, Lincoln’s speech, the Gettysburg Address, is widely known and
quoted, while Everett’s words have almost been forgotten. It is not
just Lincoln’s eloquent brevity that accounts for this. On that
occasion, his words touched the wounded spirit of a nation fractured
by civil war, offering hope for the days to come.

Words do not have to be many to be meaningful. What we call the Lord’s
Prayer is among the shortest and most memorable of all the teachings
of Jesus. It brings help and healing as it reminds us that God is our
heavenly Father whose power is at work on earth, just as it is in
heaven (Matt. 6:9-10). He provides food, forgiveness, and fortitude
for each day (vv.11-13). And all honor and glory belong to Him (v.13).
There is nothing in our past, present, and future that is not included
in our Lord’s brief words that help and heal.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

How easy it is to use many words And give little thought to the things
you say; So willingly yield your lips to the Lord And hearts will be
blest by them every day. —D. DeHaan

Kind words soothe, and quiet, and comfort the hearer. —Blaise Pascal
