http://odb.org/2013/06/17/no-risk/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=fe
ed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

No Risk

For by grace you have been saved through faith, and that not of
yourselves; it is the gift of God. —
Ephesians 2:8

Today's Scripture: Ephesians 2:1-10

A colleague recently shared an experience I don’t intend to try
personally—bungee jumping. I found his description of the event both
fascinating and terrifying. To think of jumping headfirst from a
bridge hundreds of feet in the air suspended only by a giant rubber
band is not my idea of a good time. But his leap was not without
support. He described not one, but two heavy-duty harnesses that
secured him to his lifeline—and to safety. The careful design and
proven testing of those harnesses gave him great confidence as he
jumped into the air.

As I listened, it occurred to me that for the follower of Christ,
living in a sinful world is not a blind “leap of faith.” We too have a
pair of protections that can secure us in even the darkest times of
life. In Ephesians 2:8-9, Paul wrote these words, “For by grace you
have been saved through faith, and that not of yourselves; it is the
gift of God, not of works, lest anyone should boast.”

It’s in these twin harnesses—God’s grace and faith in the finished
work of Jesus—that our relationship with God safely rests. In the
strength of these provisions, salvation is not a risky leap into the
void. It’s an exercise of confidence in God’s Word and His unfailing
love and protection.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

’Twas grace that taught my heart to fear, And grace my fears relieved;
How precious did that grace appear The hour I first believed! —Newton

We can expect God’s peace when we accept God’s grace.
