https://odb.org/2018/10/10/singing-to-the-firing-squad/?utm_source=fee
dburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+B
read%29

Singing to the Firing Squad

I trusted in the Lord when I said, “I am greatly afflicted.”
Psalm 116:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Mark 14:16–26

Two men convicted of drug trafficking had been on death row for a
decade. While in prison, they learned of God’s love for them in Jesus,
and their lives were transformed. When it came time for them to face
the firing squad, they faced their executioners reciting the Lord’s
Prayer and singing “Amazing Grace.” Because of their faith in God,
through the power of the Spirit they were able to face death with
incredible courage.

They followed the example of faith set by their Savior, Jesus. When
Jesus knew that His death was imminent, He spent part of the evening
singing with friends. It’s remarkable that He could sing under such
circumstances, but what’s even more remarkable is what He sang. On
that night, Jesus and His friends had a Passover meal, which always
ends with a series of Psalms known as the Hallel, Psalms 113–118.
Facing death, that night Jesus sang about the “cords of death”
entangling Him (Psalm 116:3). Yet He praised God’s faithful love
(117:2) and thanked Him for salvation (118:14). Surely these Psalms
comforted Jesus on the night before His crucifixion.

Jesus’s trust in God was so great that even as He approached His own
death—a death He had done nothing to deserve!—He chose to sing of
God’s love. Because of Jesus, we too can have confidence that whatever
we face, God is with us.

By:  Amy Peterson

Reflect & Pray

God, strengthen our faith in You so that when we face trials, or even
approach death, we can sing with confidence about Your love.

How sweet is the sound of God’s amazing grace!
