https://odb.org/2020/05/15/in-tune-with-the-spirit/?utm_source=feedbur
ner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread
%29

In Tune with the Spirit

Since we live by the Spirit, let us keep in step with the Spirit.
Galatians 5:25

Today's Scripture & Insight: Galatians 5:16–26

As I listened to the piano tuner work on the elegant grand piano, I
thought about the times when I’d heard that very same piano pour out
the incredible sound of the “Warsaw Concerto” and the rich melody of
“How Great Thou Art.” But now the instrument desperately needed to be
tuned. While some notes were right on pitch, others were sharp or
flat, creating an unpleasant sound. The piano tuner’s responsibility
wasn’t to make each of the keys play the same sound but to assure that
each note’s unique sound combined with others to create a pleasing
harmonious whole.

Even within the church, we can observe notes of discord. People with
unique ambitions or talents can create a jarring dissonance when
they’re joined together. In Galatians 5, Paul pleaded with believers
to do away with “discord, jealousy, fits of rage, [and] selfish
ambition,” which would destroy fellowship with God or relationships
with others. Paul went on to encourage us to embrace the fruit of the
Spirit: “love, joy, peace, forbearance, kindness, goodness,
faithfulness, gentleness and self-control” (vv. 20, 22–23).

When we live by the Spirit, we’ll find it easier to avoid unnecessary
conflict on nonessential matters. Our shared sense of purpose can be
greater than our differences. And with God’s help, each of us can grow
in grace and unity as we keep our hearts in tune with Him.

By:  Cindy Hess Kasper

Reflect & Pray

In what ways might I be causing discord among the body of believers?
How can I spread harmony?

Gracious God, teach me how to “get in tune” with the Spirit’s leading
and live in harmony with others.
