http://odb.org/2011/11/13/be-who-you-are/

Be Who You Are

Even if you should suffer for righteousness’ sake, you are blessed. —
1 Peter 3:14

Today's Scripture: 1 Peter 3:8-17

While awaiting a routine medical procedure in a local hospital, I
noticed a wall plaque showing Christ on a cross. Later, a nurse asked
me several administrative questions, in-cluding, “Do you have any
spiritual needs you’d like to discuss with a chaplain?” I said that I
appreciated her asking that question, which I found unusual in today’s
world. She replied with a smile that they are a faith-based hospital
and “that’s part of our mission.” I was impressed that the people were
not afraid to be who they are in an increasingly secular and
pluralistic society.

Peter urged the first-century believers who had been scattered by
persecution and were living in a hostile world to consider it a
blessing to suffer for the sake of what is right. “But even if you
suffer for doing what is right, God will reward you for it. So don’t
worry or be afraid of their threats. Instead, you must worship Christ
as Lord of your life. And if someone asks about your Christian hope,
always be ready to explain it” (1 Peter 3:14-15 NLT).

Just as the woman at the hospital freely stated their faith, so we can
express ours. And if we are criticized or treated unfairly because of
our belief in Christ, we should respond with gentleness and respect.
We should never be afraid to be who we are in Him.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Whenever people judge and say They don’t like what we believe, We need
to show a Christlike grace— Then our Lord they might receive. —Branon

It’s better to suffer for the cause of Christ than for the cause of
Christ to suffer.
