https://odb.org/2020/08/21/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Bright Spots in Bleak Places

You, Lord, are forgiving and good, abounding in love to all who call
to you.
Psalm 86:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 86:1–13

When my husband and I were exploring a small, rugged corner of the
state of Wyoming, I spied a sunflower in a rocky, dry place where
sagebrush, nettles, prickly cactus, and other scraggly plants grew. It
wasn’t as tall as the domestic sunflower, but it was just as
bright—and I felt cheered.

This unexpected bright spot in rough terrain reminded me of how life,
even for the believer in Jesus, can seem barren and cheerless.
Troubles can seem insurmountable, and like the cries of the psalmist
David, our prayers sometimes seem to go unheeded: “Hear me, L ord ,
and answer me, for I am poor and needy” (Psalm 86:1). Like him, we too
long for joy (v. 4).

But David goes on to declare that we serve a faithful (v. 11),
“compassionate and gracious God” (v. 15), who abounds in love for all
who call on Him (v. 5). He does answer (v. 7).

Sometimes in bleak places, God sends a sunflower—an encouraging word
or note from a friend; a comforting verse or Bible passage; a
beautiful sunrise—that helps us to move forward with a lighter step,
with hope. Even as we await the day we experience God’s deliverance
out of our difficulty, may we join the psalmist in proclaiming, “You
are great and do marvelous deeds; you alone are God”! (v. 10).

By:  Alyson Kieda

Reflect & Pray

Out of what difficult place has God delivered you? During that time,
did you experience any “sunflowers” that helped you persevere?

Loving God, thank You for being compassionate and gracious. Help me to
remember how You’ve been faithful and answered my prayers in the
past—and will again in the future.
