http://odb.org/2015/03/05/start-with-me/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Start With Me

Let each of you look out not only for his own interests, but also for
the interests of others. —
Philippians 2:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Corinthians 13:4-13

I call them Mell Notes—little comments my daughter Melissa made in her
Bible to help her apply a passage to her life.

In Matthew 7, for instance, she had drawn a box around verses 1 and 2
that talk about not judging others because, when you do, “with the
measure you use, it will be measured back to you.” Next to it she
wrote this Mell Note: “Look at what you are doing before you look at
others.”

Melissa was an “others-oriented” teen. She lived the words of
Philippians 2:4. Her classmate Matt, who knew her from church nursery
through her final days in the eleventh grade when she died in a car
accident, said of Melissa at her memorial service: “I don’t think I
ever saw you without a smile or something that brightened up people’s
days.” Her friend Tara said this: “Thanks for being my friend, even
when no one else was as nice and cheerful as you.”

In a day in which harsh judgment of others seems to be the rule, it’s
good to remember that love starts with us. The words of Paul come to
mind: “Now abide faith, hope, love, these three; but the greatest of
these is love” (1 Cor. 13:13).

What a difference we’ll make if, when we look at others, we say, “Love
starts with me.” And wouldn’t that be a great reflection of God’s love
for us?

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

Lord, thank You for the great love You lavished on us when You sent
Your Son to die and be resurrected so that we could be with You
eternally. In response, help us to love others. Lord, we want to be
like You.

Embracing God’s love for us is the key to loving others.
