http://odb.org/2010/07/06/something-better/

Something Better

All these, having obtained a good testimony through faith, did not
receive the promise. —
Hebrews 11:39

Today's Scripture: Heb. 11:4-7,32-40

Abel doesn’t seem to fit in the first half of Hebrews 11. He’s the
first “ancient” listed, but his story isn’t like the others mentioned
there. Enoch went to heaven without dying. Noah saved mankind. Abraham
started a people group. Isaac was a noted patriarch. Joseph rose to
the top in Egypt. Moses led the greatest exodus ever.

Clearly, their faith was rewarded. By faith, they did what God asked,
and He poured out blessings on them. They saw God’s promises fulfilled
before their eyes.

But Abel? The second son of Adam and Eve had faith, and what did he
get for it? Murdered. That sounds more like the folks in verses 35-38,
who found that trusting God doesn’t always lead to immediate blessing.
They faced “mockings,” “imprisonment,” and being “sawn in two.”
“Thanks, but no thanks,” we might say. We would all prefer to be
heroic Abraham instead of someone “destitute, afflicted, tormented”
(v.37). Yet in God’s plan, there are no guarantees of ease and fame
even for the devout.

While we might experience some blessings in this life, we may also
have to wait until “something better” (v.40) comes along—the
completion of God’s promises in Glory. Until then, let’s keep living
“by faith.”

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

Press on in your service for Jesus, Spurred on by your love for the
Lord; He promised that if you are faithful, One day you’ll receive
your reward. —Fasick

What is done for Christ right now will be rewarded in eternity.
