http://odb.org/2014/09/18/love-to-tell-his-story/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

Love To Tell His Story

Oh, give thanks to the Lord! Call upon His name; make known His deeds
among the peoples! —
1 Chronicles 16:8

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Chronicles 16:7-13

When noted author Studs Terkel was looking for a topic for his next
book, one of his friends suggested “death.” While he was resistant at
first, the idea gradually began to take shape, but its voice became
all too real when Mr. Terkel’s wife of 60 years passed away. Now the
book was also a personal search: a yearning to know what lies beyond,
where his loved one had just gone. Its pages are a poignant reminder
of our own search for Jesus and the questions and concerns we have
about eternity while we walk our faith journey.

I’m thankful for the assurance we can have that we will be with Jesus
after we die if we have trusted in Him to forgive our sin. There is no
greater hope. It is now our privilege to share that hope with as many
as we can. First Peter 3:15 encourages us: “. . . always be ready to
give a defense to everyone who asks you a reason for the hope that is
in you, with meekness and fear.” We have the opportunity from God, as
David said, to “call upon His name; make known His deeds among the
peoples” (1 Chron. 16:8).

The stories of so many people we love are not yet ended, and the
privilege to tell them about the love of Jesus is a gift most
precious.

By:  Randy Kilgore

Reflect & Pray

I love to tell the story; more wonderful it seems Than all the golden
fancies of all our golden dreams. I love to tell the story, it did so
much for me; And that is just the reason I tell it now to thee.
—Hankey

Let our days be filled with a longing— and the opportunities—to tell
our story of Jesus.
