http://odb.org/2016/01/26/when-questions-remain/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

When Questions Remain

He knows the way that I take.
Job 23:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Job 23:1-12

On October 31, 2014, an experimental spacecraft broke apart during a
test flight and crashed into the Mojave Desert. The copilot died while
the pilot miraculously survived. Investigators soon determined what
had happened, but not why. The title of a newspaper article about the
crash began with the words “Questions remain.”

Throughout life we may experience sorrows for which there are no
adequate explanations. Some are catastrophic events with far-reaching
effects while others are personal, private tragedies that alter our
individual lives and families. We want to know why, but we seem to
find more questions than answers. Yet even as we struggle with “Why?”
God extends His unfailing love to us.

When Job lost his children and his wealth in a single day (Job
1:13-19), he sank into an angry depression and resisted any attempted
explanations by his friends. Yet he held out hope that someday there
would be an answer from God. Even in the darkness Job could say,
“[God] knows the way that I take; when he has tested me, I will come
forth as gold” (23:10).

Oswald Chambers said, “There will come one day a personal and direct
touch from God when every tear and perplexity, every oppression and
distress, every suffering and pain, and wrong and injustice will have
a complete and ample and overwhelming explanation.”

Today, as we face life’s unanswered questions, we can find help and
hope in God’s love and promises.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

For more on this topic, read Why Doesn’t God Answer Me? on
discoveryseries.org/hp112

When we face unanswered questions, we find help and hope in God’s
love.
