http://odb.org/2016/10/11/changing-hearts/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Changing Hearts

Be merciful, just as your Father is merciful.
Luke 6:36

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 6:27–36

On the last day of the US Civil War, officer Joshua Chamberlain was in
command of the Union army. His soldiers lined up on both sides of the
road that the Confederate army had to march down in surrender. One
wrong word or one belligerent act and the longed-for peace could be
turned to slaughter. In an act as brilliant as it was moving,
Chamberlain ordered his troops to salute their foe! No taunting here,
no vicious words—only guns in salute and swords raised to honor.

When Jesus offered His words about forgiveness in Luke 6, He was
helping us understand the difference between people of grace and
people without grace. Those who know His forgiveness are to be
strikingly unlike everyone else. We must do what others think
impossible: Forgive and love our enemies. Jesus said, “Be merciful,
just as your Father is merciful” (v. 36).

Imagine the impact in our workplaces and on our families if we were to
embrace this principle. If a salute can make armies whole again, what
power there must be in Christ’s grace reflected through us! Scripture
gives evidence of this in Esau’s embrace of his deceitful brother
(Gen. 33:4), in Zacchaeus’s joyful penance (Luke 19:1–10), and in the
picture of a father racing to greet his prodigal son (Luke 15).

With the grace of Christ, may we let this be the final day of
bitterness and dispute between our enemies and us.

By:  Randy Kilgore

Reflect & Pray

Lord, we know how the gentle power of forgiveness can bring healing in
relationships. Grant us the courage to end our conflicts by Your
grace.

Anger almost always vanishes in the face of grace.
