http://odb.org/2016/06/01/not-a-simple-story/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Not a Simple Story

The eyes of the Lord range throughout the earth to strengthen those
whose hearts are fully committed to him.
2 Chronicles 16:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Chronicles 16:7–14

Life seems straightforward in the laws of the Old Testament. Obey God
and get blessed. Disobey Him and expect trouble. It’s a satisfying
theology. But is it that simple?

King Asa’s story seems to fit the pattern. He led his people away from
false gods and his kingdom thrived (2 Chron. 15:1–19). Then late in
his reign, he depended on himself instead of God (16:2–7) and the rest
of his life was marked by war and illness (v. 12).

It’s easy to look at that story and draw a simple conclusion. But when
the prophet Hanani warned Asa, he said that God will “strengthen those
whose hearts are fully committed to him” (16:9). Why do our hearts
need strengthening? Because doing the right thing may require courage
and perseverance.

Job got the starring role in a cosmic tragedy. His crime? “He [was]
blameless and upright” (Job 1:8). Joseph, falsely accused of attempted
rape, languished in prison for years—to serve God’s good purposes
(Gen. 39:19–41:1). And Jeremiah was beaten and put in stocks (Jer.
20:2). What was the prophet’s offense? Telling the truth to rebellious
people (26:15).

Life is not simple, and God’s ways are not our ways. Making the right
decision may come at a cost. But in God’s eternal plan, His blessings
arrive in due time.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Lord, thank You for the examples of courage and obedience in Your
Word. Help us learn from their mistakes and from their wise choices,
as we make our choice to serve You.

God helps those who depend on Him.
