http://odb.org/2016/04/06/the-hollywood-hills-cross/?utm_source=feedbu
rner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Brea
d%29

The Hollywood Hills Cross

May I never boast except in the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ.
Galatians 6:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Corinthians 1:18-31

One of the most recognizable images in the US is the “HOLLYWOOD” sign
in Southern California. People from all over the globe come to
“Tinseltown” to gaze at cement footprints of stars and perhaps catch a
glimpse of celebrities who might pass by. It’s hard for these visitors
to miss the sign anchored in the foothills nearby.

Less well known in the Hollywood hills is another easily recognized
symbol—one with eternal significance. Known as the Hollywood
Pilgrimage Memorial Monument, this 32-foot cross looks out over the
city. The cross was placed there in memory of Christine Wetherill
Stevenson, a wealthy heiress who in the 1920s established the
Pilgrimage Theatre (now the John Anson Ford Theatre). The site served
as the venue for The Pilgrimage Play, a drama about Christ.

The two icons showcase an interesting contrast. Movies good and bad
will come and go. Their entertainment value, artistic contributions,
and relevance are temporary at best.

The cross, however, reminds us of a drama eternal in scope. The work
of Christ is a story of the loving God who pursues us and invites us
to accept His offer of complete forgiveness. The high drama of Jesus’
death is rooted in history. His resurrection conquered death and has
an eternal impact for all of us. The cross will never lose its meaning
and power.

By:  Dennis Fisher

Reflect & Pray

Thank You, Father, for the eternal significance of the cross. Help us
to understand and appreciate the love that caused Your Son to embrace
His cross for our sakes.

To know the meaning of the cross, you must know the One who died
there.
