http://odb.org/2012/01/16/the-book-of-nature/

The Book Of Nature

Since the creation of the world His invisible attributes are clearly
seen, being understood by the things that are made. —
Romans 1:20

Today's Scripture: Romans 1:18-24

Scottish-American John Muir (1838– 1914) was raised by a Christian
father who placed great emphasis on Scripture memory. By young
adulthood, John allegedly could recite from memory all of the New
Testament and large portions of the Old Testament.

As a young man, Muir developed a great love for God’s creation and
viewed it as a source for understanding God. Historian Dennis Williams
says that Muir referred to creation as the “Book of Nature.” While
exploring the wilderness, he was able to study the plants and animals
in an environment that “came straight from the hand of God,
uncorrupted by civilization and domestication.” Muir went on to lead
the forest conservation movement and was instrumental in creating many
US national parks, including Yosemite, Sequoia, and Mount Rainier.

To nurture the spiritual interest of children and youth, we should
primarily focus on the Bible. But we can also take them to God’s
outdoor classroom, where we can cultivate their love for the Creator
by showing the majesty of creation: “For since the creation of the
world His invisible attributes are clearly seen, being understood by
the things that are made, even His eternal power and Godhead” (Rom.
1:20).

By:  Dennis Fisher

Reflect & Pray

O Lord, we can see all around us each day The wisdom the creatures of
nature display; O help us to learn from Your marvelous world The
wonder and beauty Your hands have unfurled. —Bosch

In God’s pattern book of nature we can trace many valuable lessons.
