http://odb.org/2012/08/27/the-new-normal/

The New Normal

For we do not have a High Priest who cannot sympathize with our
weaknesses, but was in all points tempted as we are, yet without sin.
—
Hebrews 4:15

Today's Scripture: Hebrews 4:9-16

A pastor, who was trained in trauma and grief counseling, commented
that the greatest challenge for people who are hurting is often not
the immediate heartache of the loss. Instead, the biggest problem is
adjusting to the different kind of life that follows. What once was
normal may never be normal again. So the challenge for those offering
help is to assist the sufferers as they establish the “new normal.” It
may be a new normal that no longer includes robust health, a treasured
relationship, or a satisfying job. Or it may be living without a loved
one who has been taken in death. The gravity of such losses forces us
to live a different kind of life—no matter how unwelcome it may be.

When our “new normal” comes, it’s easy to think no one understands how
we feel. But that isn’t true. Part of the reason Jesus came was to
experience life among us, resulting in His present ministry: “For we
do not have a High Priest who cannot sympathize with our weaknesses,
but was in all points tempted as we are, yet without sin” (Heb. 4:15).

Our Savior lived a perfect life, yet He also knew the pains of a
broken world. He endured sorrow; He suffered agony. And He stands
ready to encourage us when the dark moments of life force us to
embrace a new normal.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Father, thank You that in the darkest seasons of life, You will never
abandon us. Guide us with Your never-failing presence through both the
welcome and unwelcome changes of life. In Jesus’ name, amen.

In our desert of grief, Jesus can provide an oasis of hope.
