https://odb.org/2021/02/20/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Strengthened by Grace

You then, my son, be strong in the grace that is in Christ Jesus.
2 Timothy 2:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Timothy 2:1–4

During the American Civil War, the penalty for desertion was
execution. But the Union armies rarely executed deserters because
their commander-in-chief, Abraham Lincoln, pardoned nearly all of
them. This infuriated Edwin Stanton, the Secretary of War, who
believed that Lincoln’s leniency only enticed would-be deserters. But
Lincoln empathized with soldiers who had lost their nerve and who had
given in to their fear in the heat of battle. And his empathy endeared
him to his soldiers. They loved their “Father Abraham,” and their
affection led the soldiers to want to serve Lincoln all the more.

When Paul calls Timothy to join him in “suffering, like a good soldier
of Christ Jesus” (2 Timothy 2:3), he calls him to a tough job
description. A soldier is to be completely dedicated, hard-working,
and selfless. He’s to serve his commanding officer, Jesus,
wholeheartedly. But in reality, we sometimes fail to be His good
soldiers. We don’t always serve Him faithfully. And so Paul’s opening
phrase is important: “be strong in the grace that is in Christ Jesus”
(v. 1). Our Savior is full of grace. He empathizes with our weaknesses
and forgives our failures (Hebrews 4:15). And just as the Union
soldiers were encouraged by Lincoln’s compassion, so believers are
strengthened by the grace of Jesus. We want to serve Him all the more
because we know He loves us.

By:  Con Campbell

Reflect & Pray

How can the grace of Christ become a source of strength for you to
serve Him? What does it mean for you to suffer for Jesus?

Dear God, please strengthen me in the grace of Christ that I may serve
Him faithfully.
