https://odb.org/2020/02/28/the-faith-to-endure/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Faith to Endure

Suffering produces endurance.
Romans 5:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: Acts 27:27–38

Ernest Shackleton (1874–1922) led an unsuccessful expedition to cross
Antarctica in 1914. When his ship, aptly named Endurance, became
trapped in heavy ice in the Weddell Sea, it became an endurance race
just to survive. With no means of communicating with the rest of the
world, Shackleton and his crew used lifeboats to make the journey to
the nearest shore—Elephant Island. While most of the crew stayed
behind on the island, Shackleton and five crewmen spent two weeks
traveling 800 miles across the ocean to South Georgia to get help for
those left behind. The “failed” expedition became a victorious entry
in the history books when all of Shackleton’s men survived, thanks to
their courage and endurance.

The apostle Paul knew what it meant to endure. During a stormy sea
voyage to Rome to face trial for his belief in Jesus, Paul learned
from an angel of God that the ship would sink. But the apostle kept
the men aboard encouraged, thanks to God’s promise that all would
survive, despite the loss of the ship (Acts 27:23–24).

When disaster strikes, we tend to want God to immediately make
everything better. But God gives us the faith to endure and grow. As
Paul wrote to the Romans, “Suffering produces endurance” (Romans 5:3
esv ). Knowing that, we can encourage each other to keep trusting God
in hard times.

By:  Linda Washington

Reflect & Pray

What’s your usual response to hardship? How can you encourage someone
who’s going through difficult times?

Heavenly Father, I need Your help to keep going, even when it’s tough.
