https://odb.org/2020/01/15/walking-with-the-spirit/?utm_source=feedbur
ner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread
%29

Walking with the Spirit

Walk by the Spirit, and you will not gratify the desires of the flesh.
Galatians 5:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: Galatians 5:13–18

Ten thousand hours. That’s how long author Malcolm Gladwell suggests
it takes to become skillful at any craft. Even for the greatest
artists and musicians of all time, their tremendous inborn talent
wasn’t enough to achieve the level of expertise that they would
eventually attain. They needed to immerse themselves in their craft
every single day.

As strange as it might seem, we need a similar mentality when it comes
to learning to live in the power of the Holy Spirit. In Galatians,
Paul encourages the church to be set apart for God. But Paul explained
that this couldn’t be achieved through merely obeying a set of rules.
Instead we’re called to walk with the Holy Spirit. The Greek word that
Paul uses for “walk” in Galatians 5:16 literally means to walk around
and around something, or to journey (peripateo). So for Paul, walking
with the Spirit meant journeying with the Spirit each day—it’s not
just a one-time experience of His power.

May we pray to be filled with the Spirit daily—to yield to the
Spirit’s work as He counsels, guides, comforts, and is simply there
with us. And as we’re “led by the Spirit” in this way (v. 18), we
become better and better at hearing His voice and following His
leading. Holy Spirit, may I walk with You today, and every day!

By:  Peter W. Chin

Reflect & Pray

While being indwelt by the Holy Spirit when we receive salvation is a
one-time event, how does this differ from being filled or walking with
the Spirit? How have you been exhibiting the fruit of the Spirit?

Father, help me to experience the presence and leading of the Holy
Spirit today, so that I might walk with You and live in a way that
pleases You.
