https://odb.org/2020/11/19/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Valiant Actions

I am the good shepherd; I know my sheep and my sheep know me . . . and
I lay down my life for the sheep.
John 10:14–15

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 10:7–18

John Harper had no idea what was about to unfold as he and his six-
year-old daughter embarked on the Titanic. But one thing he knew: he
loved Jesus and he was passionate that others know Him too. As soon as
the ship hit an iceberg and water started pouring in, Harper, a
widower, put his little girl on a lifeboat and headed into the chaos
to save as many people as possible. As he distributed life jackets he
reportedly shouted, “Let the women, children, and the unsaved into the
lifeboats.” Until his last breath, Harper shared about Jesus with
anyone who was around him. John willingly gave his life away so others
could live.

There was One who laid down His life freely two thousand years ago so
you and I can live not only in this life but for all eternity. Jesus
didn’t just wake up one day and decide He would pay the penalty of
death for humanity’s sin. This was His life’s mission. At one point
when He was talking with the Jewish religious leaders He repeatedly
acknowledged, “I lay down my life” (John 10:11, 15, 17, 18). He didn’t
just say these words but lived them by actually dying a horrific death
on the cross. He came so that the Pharisees, John Harper, and we “may
have life, and have it to the full” (v. 10).

By:  Estera Pirosca Escobar

Reflect & Pray

How do you reveal that you truly love those around you? How can you
show Jesus’ love to someone through your actions today?

Jesus, there aren’t words grand enough to thank You for demonstrating
the greatest act of love there is. Thank You for giving Your life away
so I might live. Help me to show Your love to others no matter how
much it costs me.
