https://odb.org/2019/12/07/dont-forget-7/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Don’t Forget the Giver

Be careful that you do not forget the Lord.
Deuteronomy 6:12

Today's Scripture & Insight: Deuteronomy 6:4–12

It was just before Christmas, and her kids were having a difficult
time with gratitude. She knew how easy it was to slip into that kind
of thinking, but she also knew she wanted something better for the
hearts of her children. So she went through the house and placed red
bows on light switches, the pantry and refrigerator doors, the washing
machine and dryer, and the water faucets. With each bow there was a
handwritten note: “Some of the gifts God gives us are easy to
overlook, so I’ve put a bow on them. He is so good to our family.
Let’s not forget where the gifts come from.”

In Deuteronomy 6, we see that the future of the nation of Israel
involved the conquest of existing places. So they would move into
large flourishing cities they did not build (v. 10), occupy houses
filled with good things they didn’t provide, and benefit from wells
and vineyards and olive groves they didn’t dig or plant (v. 11). All
these blessings could be easily traced back to a single source—“the
Lord your God” (v. 10). And while God lovingly provided these things
and more, Moses wanted to make sure the people were careful not to
forget (v. 12).

During certain seasons of life it’s easy to forget. But let’s not lose
sight of God’s goodness, the source of all our blessings.

By:  John Blase

Reflect & Pray

Name five blessings in your life. Why are you grateful for them? How
will you thank God for them today?

Loving Father, You are the source of every blessing in our lives. In
our pride we often imagine otherwise, but we know better. We do. Thank
You for all Your gifts.
