http://odb.org/2014/04/15/spoonful-of-sugar/

Spoonful Of Sugar

The judgments of the Lord are true and righteous altogether. . . .
Sweeter also than honey and the honeycomb. —
Psalm 19:9-10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 19:7-14

Where is Mary Poppins when you need her? I know this sounds as if I’m
longing for the good old days when cheerfully unrealistic movies
featured characters like this fictional nanny, but what I’m really
longing for are people with a vision for the future that is
realistically optimistic. I yearn for joyful, creative people who can
show us the positive side of what we consider negative, who can remind
us that “just a spoonful of sugar makes the medicine go down.”

David wrote a song that expressed a similar truth. In his words, “the
judgments of the Lord” are “sweeter also than . . . honey” (Ps.
19:9-10). Seldom do we hear that truth is sweet. More often we hear
that it is bitter or hard to swallow. But truth is so much more than
medicine to treat what’s wrong. It’s the diet that will prevent
disease. It’s not an inoculation or an injection. It’s a gourmet meal
that should be presented as a culinary delight, enticing the hungry to
“taste and see that the Lord is good” (34:8).

We sing “Jesus is the sweetest name I know,” but some of us present
Him as if He’s gone sour. Pure truth, untainted by pride, is the
sweetest, most refreshing taste of all to those who hunger for
spiritual sustenance. And we have the privilege of serving it to a
starving world.

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

Jesus is the sweetest name I know, And He’s just the same as His
lovely name, And that’s the reason why I love Him so; Oh, Jesus is the
sweetest name I know. —Long

The truth of the Lord endures forever. —Psalm 117:2
