https://odb.org/2019/12/26/the-big-shuffle

The Big Shuffle

It is by grace you have been saved, through faith—and this is not from
yourselves, it is the gift of God.
Ephesians 2:8

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ephesians 2:4–10

In The Call of Service, author Robert Coles, exploring our reasons for
serving, tells the moving story of an older woman’s service to others.
As a bus driver, she showed great care toward the children she drove
to school each day—quizzing them on homework and celebrating their
successes. “I want to see these kids make it in life,” she said of her
motivation. But there was another reason too.

As a youth, the words of an aunt had shaken this woman to the core.
“She’d tell us that we had to do something God would notice,” she told
Coles, “or else we’d get lost in the big shuffle!” Worried at the
prospect of hell after the “big shuffle” of judgment, this woman had
devised ways to “get God’s attention”—going to church so “He’d see me
being loyal” and working hard to serve others so God might “hear from
others what I was doing.”

I grieved reading her words. How had this dear woman never known that
she already had God’s attention? (Matthew 10:30). How had she not
heard that Jesus took care of the big shuffle for us, offering freedom
from judgment forever? (Romans 8:1). How had she missed that salvation
can’t be bought with good deeds but is a gift to anyone who believes?
(Ephesians 2:8–9).

Christ’s life, death, and resurrection take care of our future with
God and set us free to serve others with joy.

By:  Sheridan Voysey

Reflect & Pray

Why is it easy to mistakenly believe you must do good things to be
accepted by God? How does understanding the gospel help you to love
others better?

God, help me to trust that You’ve done what’s needed for me to be
accepted by You.
