https://odb.org/2021/04/13/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Frosting of Faith

I am reminded of your sincere faith, which first lived in your
grandmother Lois and in your mother Eunice and, I am persuaded, now
lives in you also.
2 Timothy 1:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Timothy 1:1–5

Hand in hand, my grandson and I skipped across the parking lot to find
a special back-to-school outfit. A preschooler now, he was excited
about everything, and I was determined to ignite his happiness into
joy. I’d just seen a coffee mug with the inscription, “Grandmas are
moms with lots of frosting.” Frosting equals fun, glitter, joy! That’s
my job description as his grandma, right? That . . . and more.

In his second letter to his spiritual son Timothy, Paul calls out his
sincere faith—and then credits its lineage both to Timothy’s
grandmother, Lois, and his mother, Eunice (2 Timothy 1:5). These women
lived out their faith in such a way that Timothy also came to believe
in Jesus. Surely, Lois and Eunice loved Timothy and provided for his
needs. But clearly, they did more. Paul points to the faith living in
them as the source of the faith later living in Timothy.

My job as a grandmother includes the “frosting” moment of a back-to-
school outfit. But even more, I’m called to the frosting moments when
I share my faith: Bowing our heads over chicken nuggets. Noticing
angelic cloud formations in the sky as God’s works of art. Chirping
along with a song about Jesus on the radio. Let’s be wooed by the
example of moms and grandmas like Eunice and Lois to let our faith
become the frosting in life so others will want what we have.

By:  Elisa Morgan

Reflect & Pray

How have you been influenced by the faith of others? How are you
living out your faith so that others might be influenced?

Dear God, help me to invest my time in living out my faith before
others.
