http://odb.org/2012/05/29/pride-and-prejudice/

Pride And Prejudice

He has made from one blood every nation of men to dwell on all the
face of the earth. —
Acts 17:26

Today's Scripture: Acts 17:22–31

Back in the 1930s, my childhood home was loving and happy, but my
parents were often away. On those occasions, the center of warmth in
our home was the kitchen and our tiny, joyous housekeeper named Annie.

I spent many hours with Annie, sitting at our kitchen table reading
books or playing with toys and listening to her sing and hum
spirituals and hymns. From her heart sprang a continual flow of
wisdom, cheerfulness, and song.

One morning, with childish exuberance, I used a racial slur I had
heard. “Oh my, no,” she said, and then proceeded to pour out her heart
in a gentle lecture on the harm and hurt in that, accompanied by a
terrible sadness in her eyes. I never used that word again.

I learned that we cause unfathomable sorrow when we dishonor and
debase others through bigotry. Every human being is created in the
image of God—more like God than any other creature and worthy of
honor. To demean that image is to wound another human being at the
deepest level.

There is but one race: the human race. God “has made from one blood
every nation of men to dwell on all the face of the earth” (Acts
17:26). We are of the same family, made to be treasured and cherished
by one another.

By:  David H. Roper

Reflect & Pray

Of all creation’s treasures rare, Not one compares in worth with man,
In God’s own image he was made To fill a place in His great plan. —D.
De Haan

God desires that we show respect to all people, because everyone bears
His image.
