http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/odb/feed/~3/rceC6l7ZJsw/

Should I Forgive?

Forgive as the Lord forgave you.
Colossians 3:13

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 18:23–35

I arrived early at my church to help set up for an event. A woman
stood crying at the opposite end of the sanctuary. She’d been cruel
and gossiped about me in the past, so I quickly drowned out her sobs
with a vacuum cleaner. Why should I care about someone who didn’t like
me?

When the Holy Spirit reminded me how much God had forgiven me, I
crossed the room. The woman shared that her baby had been in the
hospital for months. We cried, embraced, and prayed for her daughter.
After working through our differences, we’re now good friends.

In Matthew 18, Jesus compares the kingdom of heaven to a king who
decided to settle his accounts. A servant who owed a staggering amount
of money pleaded for mercy. Soon after the king canceled his debt,
that servant tracked down and condemned a man who owed him far less
than what he’d owed the king. When word got back to the king, the
wicked servant was imprisoned because of his own unforgiving spirit
(vv. 23–34).

Choosing to forgive doesn’t condone sin, excuse the wrongs done to us,
or minimize our hurts. Offering forgiveness simply frees us to enjoy
God’s undeserved gift of mercy, as we invite Him to accomplish
beautiful works of peace-restoring grace in our lives and our
relationships.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

Lord, help us give our grievances to You so that You may turn them
into something good. Make us ready to forgive completely and
earnestly. Give us Your spirit of unity.

Forgiving others expresses our trust in God’s right to judge according
to His perfection and goodness.
