http://odb.org/2016/10/03/no-outsiders/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

No Outsiders

What does the Lord your God ask of you but to fear the Lord your God,
to walk in obedience to him, to love him.
Deuteronomy 10:12

Today's Scripture & Insight: Deuteronomy 10:12–22

In the remote region of Ghana where I lived as a boy, “Chop time, no
friend” was a common proverb. It was a humorous way of acknowledging
the fact that food in certain areas was scarce, and Ghanaians are by
nature very giving people. Were you to walk in, they might well give
you the last of their food.

In the Philippines, where I also lived for a time, if you visit
unannounced at mealtime, your hosts will insist on sharing with you
regardless of whether they have enough for themselves.

As the Israelites left Egypt, God provided specific instructions to
govern their culture. But rules—even God’s rules—can never change
hearts. So Moses said, “Change your hearts and stop being stubborn”
(Deut. 10:16 nlt). Interestingly, right after issuing that challenge
Moses took up the topic of Israel’s treatment of outsiders. God “loves
the foreigner residing among you,” he said, “giving them food and
clothing. And you are to love those who are foreigners, for you
yourselves were foreigners in Egypt” (vv. 18–19).

Israel served the “God of gods and Lord of lords, the great God,
mighty and awesome” (v. 17). One powerful way they were to show their
identification with God was by loving foreigners—those from outside
their culture.

What might this small picture of God’s character mean for us today?
How can we show His love to the marginalized and the needy in our
world?

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Heavenly Father, help us bless others today by showing Your love in
some small way.

In Christ, there are no outsiders.
