http://odb.org/2016/05/09/keep-climbing/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Keep Climbing!

Encourage one another daily.
Hebrews 3:13

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Thessalonians 4:1-12

Richard needed a push, and he got one. He was rock climbing with his
friend Kevin who was the belayer (the one who secures the rope).
Exhausted and ready to quit, Richard asked Kevin to lower him to the
ground. But Kevin urged him on, saying he had come too far to quit.
Dangling in midair, Richard decided to keep trying. Amazingly, he was
able to reconnect with the rock and complete the climb because of his
friend’s encouragement.

In the early church, followers of Jesus encouraged one another to
continue to follow their Lord and to show compassion. In a culture
riddled with immorality, they passionately appealed to one another to
live pure lives (Rom. 12:1; 1 Thess. 4:1). Believers encouraged one
another daily, as God prompted them to do so (Acts 13:15). They urged
each other to intercede for the body (Rom. 15:30), to help people stay
connected to the church (Heb. 10:25), and to love more and more (1
Thess. 4:10).

Through His death and resurrection, Jesus has connected us to one
another. Therefore, we have the responsibility and privilege with
God’s enablement to encourage fellow believers to finish the climb of
trusting and obeying Him.

By:  Marvin Williams

Reflect & Pray

When was the last time you needed to urge someone to keep following
Jesus? Who has encouraged you or stirred you to pursue holiness, to
keep praying, or to enlarge your love for Jesus and others? Share with
us at Facebook.com/ourdailybread

Encourage one another and build each other up. 1 Thessalonians 5:11
