http://odb.org/2015/10/16/treasures-in-heaven/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Treasures in Heaven

Lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where neither moth nor rust
destroys and where thieves do not break in and steal. —nkjv
Matthew 6:20

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 6:19-24

Poorly installed electric wiring caused a fire that burned down our
newly built home. The flames leveled our house within an hour, leaving
nothing but rubble. Another time, we returned home from church one
Sunday to find our house had been broken into and some of our
possessions stolen.

In our imperfect world, loss of material wealth is all too
common—vehicles are stolen or crashed, ships sink, buildings crumble,
homes are flooded, and personal belongings are stolen. This makes
Jesus’ admonition not to put our trust in earthly wealth very
meaningful (Matt. 6:19).

Jesus told a story of a man who accumulated abundant treasures and
decided to store up everything for himself (Luke 12:16-21). “Take life
easy,” the man told himself; “eat, drink and be merry” (v. 19). But
that night he lost everything, including his life. In conclusion,
Jesus said, “This is how it will be with whoever stores up things for
themselves but is not rich toward God” (v. 21).

Material wealth is temporary. Nothing lasts forever—except what our
God enables us to do for others. Giving of our time and resources to
spread the good news, visiting those who are lonely, and helping those
in need are just some of the many ways to store up treasure in heaven
(Matt. 6:20).

By:  Lawrence Darmani

Reflect & Pray

In what ways are you storing up treasures in heaven? How might you
change and grow in this area of your life?

Our real wealth is what we invest for eternity.
