https://odb.org/2021/03/14/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Storms of Fear

[Jesus] said to his disciples, “Why are you so afraid? Do you still
have no faith?”
Mark 4:40

Today's Scripture & Insight: Mark 4:35–41

In a TV commercial I saw recently, a woman casually asks someone in a
group watching TV, “What are you searching for, Mark?” “A version of
myself that doesn’t make decisions based on fear,” he responds
soberly—not realizing that she was just asking what he liked to watch
on TV!

Whoa, I thought. I wasn’t expecting a TV commercial to hit me so
profoundly! But I related to poor Mark: I too feel embarrassed by the
way fear sometimes seems to direct my life.

Jesus’ disciples also experienced the profound power of fear. Once, as
they headed across the Sea of Galilee (Mark 4:35), “a furious squall
came up” (v. 37). Terror gripped them, and they suggested that Jesus
(who’d been sleeping!) might not care about them: “Teacher, don’t you
care if we drown?” (v. 38).

Fear distorted the disciples’ vision, blinding them to Jesus’ good
intentions for them. After He rebuked the wind and waves (v. 39),
Christ confronted the disciples with two penetrating questions: “Why
are you so afraid? Do you still have no faith?” (v. 40).

Storms rage in our lives as well, don’t they? But Jesus’ questions can
help us put our fears in perspective. His first question invites us to
name our fears. The second invites us to entrust those distorted
feelings to Him—asking Him for eyes to see how He guides us even
through life’s most raging storms.

By:  Adam R. Holz

Reflect & Pray

What storms are you facing right now? How can you entrust your fears
and emotions to Jesus when the winds blow and the waters rise?

Loving Savior, thank You that You’re always present in the storm. As I
move through life’s scary moments, help me each day to talk to You and
entrust You with my fears.
