http://odb.org/2014/05/12/words-to-live-by/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Words To Live By

Surely I have taught you statutes and judgments . . . that you should
act according to them. —
Deuteronomy 4:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: Deuteronomy 4:1-9

For many years I’ve maintained a file folder labeled “Speaking.” It
has become thick with articles, quotations, and illustrations that
might be useful. Recently I went through it to discard things that are
out of date. I found it difficult to throw away many of the items, not
because I haven’t used them in a talk but because I haven’t put them
into practice. I closed the folder thinking, “These aren’t words to
talk about; these are words to live by.”

After 40 years in the desert, Moses addressed the people poised to
enter the Promised Land: “Now, O Israel, listen to the statutes and
the judgments which I teach you to observe, that you may live, and go
in and possess the land which the Lord God of your fathers is giving
you” (Deut. 4:1). Moses’ repeated theme (vv.1,2,5,6,9) is that God’s
commandments are to be kept. He said it well, “Surely I have taught
you statutes and judgments . . . that you should act according to
them” (v.5).

It is so easy to talk about doing more than we actually do and to
speak about truth we’re not living by. We can become bloated with
words, yet starved for reality, forgetting that all of God’s commands
flow from His heart of love for us.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Help us, Lord, not to be just hearers of the Word; help us to be doers
as well. Teach us to be honest with ourselves about who we really are.
We want to walk in Your ways and to guide others to You.

The strength of our actions should match the strength of our words.
