https://odb.org/2020/01/18/instead-of-revenge/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Instead of Revenge

If your enemy is hungry, feed him.
Romans 12:20

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 12:17–21

After Jim Elliot and four other missionaries were killed by Huaorani
tribesmen in 1956, no one expected what happened next. Jim’s wife,
Elisabeth, their young daughter, and another missionary’s sister
willingly chose to make their home among the very people who killed
their loved ones. They spent several years living in the Huaorani
community, learning their language, and translating the Bible for
them. These women’s testimony of forgiveness and kindness convinced
the Huaorani of God’s love for them and many received Jesus as their
Savior.

What Elisabeth and her friend did is an incredible example of not
repaying evil with evil but with good (Romans 12:17). The apostle Paul
encouraged the church in Rome to show through their actions the
transformation that God had brought into their own lives. What did
Paul have in mind? They were to go beyond the natural desire to take
revenge; instead, they were to show love to their enemies by meeting
their needs, such as providing food or water.

Why do this? Paul quotes a proverb from the Old Testament: “If your
enemy is hungry, feed him; if he is thirsty, give him something to
drink” (v. 20; Proverbs 25:21–22). The apostle was revealing that the
kindness shown by believers to their enemies could win them over and
light the fire of repentance in their hearts.

By:  Estera Pirosca Escobar

Reflect & Pray

How did Jesus live out the command to love one’s enemies? What will
you do today to show God’s love to those who have harmed you?

Abba, Father, it’s difficult, even impossible, for us to love others
in our own strength. Help us through Your Spirit to truly love our
enemies, and use us to bring them to You.
