http://odb.org/2015/08/09/batter-in-the-bowl/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Batter in the Bowl

Please let me glean . . . after the reapers among the sheaves.
Ruth 2:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ruth 2:1-12

My daughter and I consider brownies to be one of the seven wonders of
the culinary world. One day, as we were mixing the ingredients of our
favorite chocolate treat, my daughter asked if I would leave some
batter in the bowl after pouring most of it into the baking pan. She
wanted to enjoy what was left over. I smiled and agreed. Then, I told
her, “That’s called gleaning, you know, and it didn’t start with
brownies.”

As we enjoyed the remnants of our baking project, I explained that
Ruth had gathered leftover grain in order to feed herself and her
mother-in-law Naomi (Ruth 2:2-3). Because both of their husbands had
died, the women had returned to Naomi’s homeland. There Ruth met a
wealthy landowner named Boaz. She asked him, “Please let me glean . .
. after the reapers among the sheaves” (v. 7). He willingly consented
and instructed his workers to purposely let grain fall for her (v.
16).

Like Boaz, who provided for Ruth from the bounty of his fields, God
provides for us out of His abundance. His resources are infinite, and
He lets blessings fall for our benefit. He willingly provides us with
physical and spiritual nourishment. Every good gift we receive comes
from Him.

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

Dear God, thank You for the blessings I enjoy! You minister to Your
children out of Your limitless abundance. I worship You as my
provider.

Our greatest needs cannot exceed God’s great resources.
