https://odb.org/2020/07/31/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Shining Light

Let your light shine before others, that they may see your good deeds
and glorify your Father in heaven.
Matthew 5:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 5:13–16

I felt nervous about a five-week prayer class I agreed to teach at a
local church. Would the students like it? Would they like me? My
anxiety was ill-focused, leading me to over-prepare lesson plans,
presentation slides, and class handouts. Yet with a week to go, I
still hadn’t encouraged many people to attend.

In prayer, however, I was reminded that the class was a service that
shined light on God. Because the Holy Spirit would use the class to
point people to our heavenly Father, I could set aside my nervousness
about public speaking. When Jesus taught His disciples in His Sermon
on the Mount, He told them, “You are the light of the world. A town
built on a hill cannot be hidden. Neither do people light a lamp and
put it under a bowl. Instead they put it on its stand, and it gives
light to everyone in the house” (Matthew 5:14–15).

Reading those words, I finally sent out a class announcement on social
media. Almost immediately, people started registering—expressing
gratitude and excitement. Seeing their reactions, I reflected more on
Jesus’ teaching: “Let your light shine before others, that they may
see your good deeds and glorify your Father in heaven” (v. 16).

With that perspective, I taught the class with joy. I pray that my
simple deed becomes a beacon and encourages others to shine their
light for God as well.

By:  Patricia Raybon

Reflect & Pray

When have you felt nervous or self-conscious about sharing your deeds
and gifts for God? How can your deeds and gifts help others, and what
are ways you can share them?

Jesus, empower me to let my God-given light shine so others can see
and glorify You.
