https://odb.org/2018/12/26/just-another-day/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Just Another Day?

The God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob, the God of our fathers, has
glorified his servant Jesus.
Acts 3:13

Today's Scripture & Insight: Acts 3:17–26

In Christmas Every Day, William Dean Howells tells of a little girl
who gets her wish. For one long, horrible year it is indeed Christmas
every day. By day three, the yuletide joy has already begun to wear
thin. Before long everyone hates candy. Turkeys become scarce and sell
for outrageous prices. Presents are no longer received with gratitude
as they pile up everywhere. People angrily snap at each other.

Thankfully, Howell’s story is just a satirical tale. But what an
incredible blessing that the subject of the Christmas celebration
never wearies us despite the fact that we see Him throughout the
Bible.

After Jesus had ascended to His Father, the apostle Peter proclaimed
to a crowd at the temple in Jerusalem that Jesus was the one Moses
foretold when he said, “God will raise up for you a prophet like me”
(Acts 3:22; Deuteronomy 18:18). God’s promise to Abraham, “Through
your offspring all peoples on earth will be blessed,” was really a
reference to Jesus (Acts 3:25; Genesis 22:18). Peter noted, “All the
prophets who have spoken have foretold these days”—the arrival of the
Messiah (Acts 3:24).

We can keep the spirit of Christmas alive long after the celebrations
have ended. By seeing Christ in the whole story of the Bible we can
appreciate how Christmas is so much more than just another day.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Father, thank You for giving us Your Son, and for giving us His Story
on the pages of the Bible.

This year, as you pack up the Christmas decorations, don’t put away
the spirit of Christmas.
