https://odb.org/2018/10/29/getting-a-grip-on-gratitude/?utm_source=fee
dburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+B
read%29

Getting a Grip on Gratitude

Would they have enough if all the fish in the sea were caught for
them?
Numbers 11:22

Today's Scripture & Insight: Numbers 11:1–11

The years of weariness caused by chronic pain and frustrations with my
limited mobility had finally caught up with me. In my discontent, I
became demanding and ungrateful. I began complaining about my
husband’s caregiving skills. I griped about the way he cleaned the
house. Even though he’s the best cook I know, I fussed about the lack
of variety in our meals. When he finally shared that my grumbling hurt
his feelings, I was resentful. He had no idea what I was going
through. Eventually, God helped me see my wrongs, and I asked my
husband and the Lord for forgiveness.

Longing for different circumstances can lead to complaining, and even
a form of relationship damaging self-centeredness. The Israelites were
familiar with this dilemma. It seems they were never satisfied and
always griping about God’s provision (Exodus 17:1–3). Even though the
Lord cared for His people in the wilderness by sending them “bread
from heaven” (16:4), they began craving other food (Numbers 11:4).
Instead of rejoicing over the daily miracles of God’s faithful and
loving care, the Israelites wanted something more, something better,
something different, or even something they used to have (vv. 4–6).
They took out their frustrations on Moses (vv. 10–14).

Trusting God’s goodness and faithfulness can help us get a good grip
on gratitude. Today we can thank Him for the countless ways He cares
for us.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

For more, read Cultivating a Heart of Contentment at
discoveryseries.org/hp052.

Grateful praise satisfies us and pleases God.
