https://odb.org/2020/06/23/underestimating-ourselves/?utm_source=feedb
urner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bre
ad%29

Underestimating Ourselves

Samuel said, “Although you were once small in your own eyes, did you
not become the head of the tribes of Israel? The Lord anointed you
king over Israel.”
1 Samuel 15:17

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Samuel 15:10–18

The young man became his team’s captain. The professional sports squad
was now led by a mild-mannered kid who barely needed to shave. His
first press conference was underwhelming. He kept deferring to the
coach and to his teammates, and mumbled clichés about just trying to
do his job. The team performed poorly that season, and by the end of
it the young captain had been traded. He didn’t grasp that he’d been
entrusted with the authority to lead, or maybe he never believed he
could.

Due to his failures, Saul was “small in [his] own eyes” (1 Samuel
15:17)—which is a funny thing to say about a guy who’s described as
being tall. He was literally head and shoulders above the rest (9:2).
And yet that wasn’t how he saw himself. In fact, his actions in the
chapter show him trying to win the approval of the people. He hadn’t
fully grasped that God—not people—had chosen him and given him a
mission.

But Saul’s mistake is a picture of every human being’s failure: we can
miss that we were made in God’s image to reflect His rule, and end up
misusing our authority—spreading destruction in the world. To undo
this, we need to return to God: to let the Father define us by His
love, to let Him fill us with the Spirit, and to let Jesus send us out
into the world.

By:  Glenn Packiam

Reflect & Pray

What assignment has God given you that you don’t think you have the
power to do? Why is it vital to have your identity based in what God
says is true?

Dear Father, give me eyes to see myself as You see me, and grant me
the grace to faithfully carry out the calling You’ve entrusted to me.
