https://odb.org/2019/02/18/praying-and-growing/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Praying and Growing

Whatever you do, whether in word or deed, do it all in the name of the
Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God.
Colossians 3:17

Today's Scripture & Insight: Jonah 4

When my friend David’s wife developed Alzheimer’s disease, the changes
it brought to his life made him bitter. He needed to retire early to
care for her; and as the disease progressed, she required increasingly
more care.

“I was so angry at God,” he told me. “But the more I prayed about it,
the more He showed me my heart and how I had been selfish for most of
our marriage.” Tears welled in his eyes as he confessed, “She’s been
sick ten years, but God has helped me see things differently. Now,
everything I do out of love for her, I also do for Jesus. Caring for
her has become the greatest privilege of my life.”

Sometimes God answers our prayers not by giving us what we want but by
challenging us to change. When the prophet Jonah was angry because God
spared the wicked city of Nineveh from destruction, God caused a plant
to shade him from the hot sun (Jonah 4:6). Then He made it wither.
When Jonah complained, God answered, “Is it right for you to be angry
about the plant?” (vv. 7–9). Jonah, focused only on himself, insisted
it was. But God challenged him to think about others and have
compassion.

God sometimes uses our prayers in unexpected ways to help us learn and
grow. It’s a change we can welcome with open hearts because He wants
to transform us with His love.

By:  James Banks

Reflect & Pray

Lord Jesus, thank You for helping me grow when I pray. Help me to be
sensitive to what You want for my life today.

God grows us as we spend time with Him.
