https://odb.org/2018/08/25/generous-givers/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Generous Givers

Everything comes from you, and we have given you only what comes from
your hand.
1 Chronicles 29:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Chronicles 29:1–14

After reviewing all God had already done throughout our church’s
history, leaders presented the congregation with a proposal for a new
gym to help us better serve our community. The leadership team
announced they’d be the first to sign pledge notes to fund the
construction. I initially prayed with a heart soured by selfishness,
not wanting to offer more money than we had already committed to give.
Still, my husband and I agreed to pray for the ongoing project. While
considering all God continued providing for us, we eventually decided
on a monthly offering. The combined gifts of our church family paid
for the entire building.

Grateful for the many ways God’s used that gym for community events
since we celebrated opening its doors for ministry, I’m reminded of
another generous giver—King David. Though the Lord didn’t choose him
to build His temple, David invested all his resources to the project
(1 Chronicles 29:1–5). The leaders under him and the people they
served gave generously too (vv. 6–9). The king acknowledged all they’d
contributed had first been given to them by God—the Creator,
Sustainer, and Owner of everything (vv. 10–16).

When we recognize God owns it all, we can commit to grateful,
generous, and faithful giving for the benefit of others. And we can
trust the Lord will provide—and may even use the generosity of others
to help us when we’re in need.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

Lord, please help us remember You own it all as we commit to giving
You our all, willingly and selflessly.

God gives first, and He always outgives His most generous givers.
