https://odb.org/2017/12/31/faith-building-memories/?utm_source=feedbur
ner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread
%29

Faith-Building Memories

Great is your faithfulness.
Lamentations 3:23

Today's Scripture & Insight: Lamentations 3:19–26

As I stepped into the music-filled sanctuary, I looked around at the
crowd that had gathered for a New Year’s Eve party. Joy lifted my
heart with hope, as I recalled the prayers of the previous year. Our
congregation had collectively grieved over wayward children, deaths of
loved ones, job losses, and broken relationships. But we’d also
experienced God’s grace as we recalled changed hearts and healed
personal connections. We’d celebrated victories, weddings,
graduations, and baptisms into God’s family. We’d welcomed children
born, adopted, or dedicated to the Lord, and more—so much more.

Reflecting over the history of trials our church family faced, much
like Jeremiah remembered his “affliction” and his “wandering” (Lam.
3:19), I believed that “because of the L ord ’s great love we are not
consumed, for his compassions never fail” (v. 22). As the prophet
reassured himself of God’s past faithfulness, his words comforted me:
“The Lord is good to those whose hope is in him, to the one who seeks
him” (v. 25).

That night, each person in our congregation represented a tangible
expression of God’s life-transforming love. Whatever we’d face in the
years to come, as members of the interdependent body of Christ, we
could rely on the Lord. And as we continue to seek Him and support one
another, we can, as did Jeremiah, find our hope being ratified by
faith-building memories of God’s unchanging character and
dependability.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

Lord, thank You for using our past to assure us our hope remains
secure in Your everlasting faithfulness.

As we look ahead to the new year, let’s remember that God has always
been and always will be faithful.
