https://odb.org/2021/03/10/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Practice These Things

Whatever you have learned or received or heard from me, or seen in
me—put it into practice.
Philippians 4:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: Philippians 4:1–9

As I helped my son with his math homework, it became apparent he was
less than enthusiastic about doing multiple problems related to the
same concept. “I’ve got it, Dad!” he insisted, hoping I would let him
out of doing all of his assignment. I then gently explained to him
that a concept is just a concept until we learn how to work it out in
practice.

Paul wrote about practice to his friends in Philippi. “Whatever you
have learned or received or heard from me, or seen in me—put it into
practice” (Philippians 4:9). He mentions five things:
reconciliation—as he urged Euodia and Syntyche to do (vv. 2–3); joy—as
he reminded his readers to cultivate (v. 4); gentleness—as he urged
them to employ in their relation to the world (v. 5); prayer—as he had
modeled for them in person and in writing (vv. 6–7); and focus—as he
had shown even in prison (v. 8). Reconciliation, joy, gentleness,
prayer, and focus—things we’re called to live out as believers in
Jesus. Like any habit, these virtues must be practiced in order to be
cultivated.

But the good news of the gospel, as Paul had already told the
Philippians, is that “it is God who works in you to will and to act in
order to fulfill his good purpose” (2:13). We’re never practicing in
our own power. God will provide what we need (4:19).

By:  Glenn Packiam

Reflect & Pray

What things do you need to practice as you seek to imitate Jesus? How
can you practice in the power of the Holy Spirit?

Jesus, give me the grace to practice Your ways by the power of the
Holy Spirit. Empower me to live my life in a way that bears the fruit
of the Spirit. Read Filled with the Spirit at
DiscoverySeries.org/Q0301.
