https://odb.org/2019/09/08/blue-lines/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_mediu
m=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Blue Lines

I instruct you in the way of wisdom and lead you along straight paths.
Proverbs 4:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: Proverbs 4:10–27

Downhill skiing racecourses are often marked by swaths of blue paint
sprayed across the white, snowy surface. The crude arcs might be a
visual distraction for spectators but prove to be vital to both the
success and safety of the competitors. The paint serves as a guide for
the racers to visualize the fastest line to the bottom of the hill.
Additionally, the contrast of the paint against the snow offers racers
depth perception, which is critical to their safety when traveling at
such high rates of speed.

Solomon begs his sons to seek wisdom in hopes of keeping them safe on
the racecourse of life. Like the blue lines, wisdom, he says, will
“lead [them] along straight paths” and keep them from stumbling
(Proverbs 4:11–12). His deepest hope as a father is for his sons to
enjoy a rich life, free from the damaging effects of living apart from
the wisdom of God.

God, as our loving Father, offers us “blue-line” guidance in
the Bible. While He’s given us the freedom to “ski” wherever we like,
the wisdom He offers in the Scriptures, like racecourse markers, are
“life to those who find them” (v. 22). When we turn from evil and walk
instead with Him, our path will be lit with His righteousness, keeping
our feet from stumbling and guiding us onward each day (vv. 12, 18).

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

How has reflecting on the wisdom of God kept you from stumbling? In
what ways are you becoming more like Jesus?

God, thank You for Your Word. Help me to hold fast to the wisdom You
offer. To learn more about how to get the most out of your Bible study
time, visit christianuniversity.org/SF106.
