http://odb.org/2015/08/15/the-waving-girl/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Waving Girl

Accept one another, then, just as Christ accepted you, in order to
bring praise to God. —
Romans 15:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 15:1-7

In the late 1800s and early 1900s, a familiar sight greeted ships as
they pulled into the port of Savannah, Georgia. That sight was
Florence Martus, “The Waving Girl.” For 44 years, Florence greeted the
great ships from around the world, waving a handkerchief by day or a
lantern by night. Today, a statue of Florence and her faithful dog
stands in Savannah’s Morrell Park, permanently welcoming incoming
vessels.

There is something in a warm welcome that speaks of acceptance. In
Romans 15:7, Paul urged his readers: “Accept one another, then, just
as Christ accepted you” (niv). Paul had in view our treatment of each
other as followers of Christ, for in verses 5-6 he challenged us to
live in harmony with one another. The key is to have “the same
attitude of mind toward each other that Christ Jesus had, so that with
one mind and one voice you may glorify the God and Father of our Lord
Jesus Christ” (niv).

Our acceptance of our fellow believers in Christ demonstrates more
than just our love for each other—it reflects the great love of the
One who has permanently welcomed us into His family.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Father, give me a heart for my brothers and sisters in Christ. Please
give us, together, a heart for one another, so that we will love and
honor You in all we do. Share this prayer from our Facebook page with
your friends. facebook.com/ourdailybread

The closer Christians get to Christ, the closer they get to one
another.
