http://odb.org/2004/02/21/how-would-you-answer/

How Would You Answer?

The Lord Himself will descend from heaven with a shout . . . . And the
dead in Christ will rise first. —
1 Thessalonians 4:16

Today's Scripture: 1 Thessalonians 4:13-18

Sir Norman Anderson was invited to give a television talk on the
evidence for Christ’s resurrection, a subject that he had written much
about. When his son died of cancer, the program producers offered to
cancel his participation, saying, “You can’t speak about the
resurrection when you’ve just lost a son.” But Anderson said, “I want
to speak about it now even more.” And so, sad in heart but with great
assurance, he spoke of Christ’s resurrection, and ours as believers.

The resurrection of Jesus is no myth—it’s a historical, well-attested
fact. Indeed, it’s an eternal fact! Jesus declared, “I am He who
lives, and was dead, and behold, I am alive forevermore” (Revelation
1:18).

Jesus spoke to His disciples about His own resurrection and reassured
them, “Because I live, you will live also” (John 14:19). And Paul
wrote of the Christian’s resurrection, teaching that when a fellow
believer dies we don’t need to sorrow as those who have no hope (1
Thessalonians 4:13).

When Lazarus died, Jesus assured Martha that whoever believes in Him,
though he dies, shall live again (John 11:25-26). He then asked, “Do
you believe this?” Martha replied, “Yes, Lord, I believe that You are
the Christ, the Son of God” (v.27). How would you answer?

By:  Joanie Yoder

Reflect & Pray

All flesh, as grass, shall pass away From this vile world of sin and
strife; The one who sleeps in Chirst today Will wake to resurrected
life. —Benson

Christ's resurrection is the guarantee of our own.
