https://odb.org/2020/08/01/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Divine Duet

If you remain in me and I in you, you will bear much fruit.
John 15:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 15:1–11

At a children’s music recital, I watched a teacher and student seat
themselves in front of a piano. Before their duet began, the teacher
leaned over and whispered some last-minute instructions. As music
flowed from the instrument, I noticed that the student played a simple
melody while the teacher’s accompaniment added depth and richness to
the song. Near the end of the piece, the teacher nodded his approval.

Our life in Jesus is much more like a duet than a solo performance.
Sometimes, though, I forget that He’s “sitting next to me,” and it’s
only by His power and guidance that I can “play” at all. I try to hit
all the right notes on my own—to obey God in my own strength, but this
usually ends up seeming fake and hollow. I try to handle problems with
my limited ability, but the result is often discord with others.

My Teacher’s presence makes all the difference. When I rely on Jesus
to help me, I find my life is more honoring to God. I serve joyfully,
love freely, and am amazed as God blesses my relationships. It’s like
Jesus told His first disciples, “If you remain in me and I in you, you
will bear much fruit; apart from me you can do nothing” (John 15:5).

Each day we play a duet with our good Teacher—it’s His grace and power
that carry the melody of our spiritual lives.

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

Why do you sometimes resist the help and encouragement God offers? How
could reliance on Him change your outlook and your actions in certain
situations?

Dear God, help me to remember that You’re with me in every moment. I
welcome Your influence and instruction today. Thank You for Your
nearness.
