http://odb.org/2017/02/13/the-death-of-doubt/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Death of Doubt

Unless I see the nail marks in his hands and put my finger where the
nails were, and put my hand into his side, I will not believe.
John 20:25

Today's Scripture: John 11:1–16

We know him as Doubting Thomas (see John 20:24–29), but the label
isn’t entirely fair. After all, how many of us would have believed
that our executed leader had been resurrected? We might just as well
call him “Courageous Thomas.” After all, Thomas displayed impressive
courage as Jesus moved purposefully into the events leading to His
death.

At the death of Lazarus, Jesus had said, “Let us go back to Judea”
(John 11:7), prompting a protest from the disciples. “Rabbi,” they
said, “a short while ago the Jews there tried to stone you, and yet
you are going back?” (v. 8). It was Thomas who said, “Let us also go,
that we may die with him” (v. 16).

Thomas’s intentions proved nobler than his actions. Upon Jesus’s
arrest, Thomas fled with the rest (Matt. 26:56), leaving Peter and
John to accompany Christ to the courtyard of the high priest. Only
John followed Jesus all the way to the cross.

Despite having witnessed the resurrection of Lazarus (John 11:38–44),
Thomas still could not bring himself to believe that the crucified
Lord had conquered death. Not until Thomas the doubter—the human—saw
the risen Lord, could he exclaim, “My Lord and my God!” (John 20:28).
Jesus’s response gave assurance to the doubter and immeasurable
comfort to us: “Because you have seen me, you have believed; blessed
are those who have not seen and yet have believed” (v. 29).

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Father, teach us to act on what we do know about You and Your
goodness, and trust You in faith for what we don’t know.

Real doubt searches for the light; unbelief is content with the
darkness.
