http://odb.org/2017/01/17/finding-life/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Finding Life

Because I live, you also will live.
John 14:19

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 14:5–14

The words of Ravi’s father cut deep. “You’re a complete failure.
You’re an embarrassment to the family.” Compared to his talented
siblings, Ravi was viewed as a disgrace. He tried excelling in sports,
and he did, but he still felt like a loser. He wondered, What is going
to become of me? Am I a complete failure? Can I get out of life some
way, painlessly? These thoughts haunted him, but he talked to no one.
That simply wasn’t done in his culture. He had been taught to “keep
your private heartache private; keep your collapsing world propped
up.”

So Ravi struggled alone. Then while he was recovering in the hospital
after a failed suicide attempt, a visitor brought him a Bible opened
to John 14. His mother read these words of Jesus to Ravi: “Because I
live, you also will live” (v. 19). This may be my only hope, he
thought. A new way of living. Life as defined by the Author of life.
So he prayed, “Jesus, if You are the one who gives life as it is meant
to be, I want it.”

Life can present despairing moments. But, like Ravi, we can find hope
in Jesus who is “the way and the truth and the life” (v. 6). God longs
to give us a rich and satisfying life.

By:  Poh Fang Chia

Reflect & Pray

Dear Lord, I acknowledge that I am a sinner, and I need Your
forgiveness. Thank You, Jesus, for dying for me and giving me eternal
life. Transform my life so that I may bring glory and honor to You
alone. Share this prayer from our Facebook page:
Facebook.com/ourdailybread.

Only Jesus can give us new life.
