https://odb.org/2021/04/30/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Milk Comes First

Solid food is for the mature.
Hebrews 5:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: Hebrews 5:11–6:2

In the seventh century, what is now called the United Kingdom was many
kingdoms often at war. When one king, Oswald of Northumbria, became a
believer in Jesus, he called for a missionary to bring the gospel to
his region. A man named Corman was sent, but things didn’t go well.
Finding the English “stubborn,” “barbarous,” and uninterested in his
preaching, he returned home frustrated.

“I am of the opinion,” a monk named Aidan told Corman, “that you were
more severe to your unlearned hearers than you ought to have been.”
Instead of giving the Northumbrians “the milk of more easy doctrine,”
Corman had given them teaching they couldn’t yet grasp. Aidan went to
Northumbria, adapted his preaching to the people’s understanding, and
thousands became believers in Jesus.

Aidan got this sensitive approach to mission from Scripture. “I gave
you milk, not solid food,” Paul told the Corinthians, “for you were
not yet ready for it” (1 Corinthians 3:2). Before right living can be
expected from people, Hebrews says, basic teaching about Jesus,
repentance, and baptism must be grasped (Hebrews 5:13–6:2). While
maturity should follow (5:14), let’s not miss the order. Milk comes
before meat. People can’t obey teaching they don’t understand.

The faith of the Northumbrians ultimately spread to the rest of the
country and beyond. Like Aidan, when sharing the gospel with others,
we meet people where they are.

By:  Sheridan Voysey

Reflect & Pray

In simple terms, how would you explain the gospel? How can you avoid
expecting people who aren’t believers in Jesus to think or behave as
you do?

Jesus, thank You for reaching me in ways I could understand.
