http://odb.org/2015/12/19/the-seventh-stanza/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Seventh Stanza

Today in the town of David a Savior has been born to you; he is the
Messiah, the Lord.
Luke 2:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 2:8-14

In the summer of 1861, Henry Wadsworth Longfellow’s wife, Frances,
died tragically in a fire. That first Christmas without her, he wrote
in his diary, “How inexpressibly sad are the holidays.” The next year
was no better, as he recorded, “ ‘A merry Christmas,’ say the
children, but that is no more for me.”

In 1863, as the American Civil War was dragging on, Longfellow’s son
joined the army against his father’s wishes and was critically
injured. On Christmas Day that year, as church bells announced the
arrival of another painful Christmas, Longfellow picked up his pen and
began to write, “I Heard the Bells on Christmas Day.”

The poem begins pleasantly, lyrically, but then takes a dark turn. The
violent imagery of the pivotal fourth verse ill suits a Christmas
carol. “Accursed” cannons “thundered,” mocking the message of peace.
By the fifth and sixth verses, Longfellow’s desolation is nearly
complete. “It was as if an earthquake rent the hearth-stones of a
continent,” he wrote. The poet nearly gave up: “And in despair I bowed
my head; ‘There is no peace on earth,’ I said.”

But then, from the depths of that bleak Christmas day, Longfellow
heard the irrepressible sound of hope. And he wrote this seventh
stanza.

Then pealed the bells more loud and deep: “God is not dead, nor doth
He sleep! The wrong shall fail, the right prevail, with peace on
earth, good-will to men!”

The war raged on and so did memories of his personal tragedies, but it
could not stop Christmas. The Messiah is born! He promises, “I am
making everything new!” (Rev. 21:5).

By:  Tim Gustafson

This article may not have a prayer section.




