https://odb.org/2020/09/12/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Day of Encouragement

We urge you, brothers and sisters, . . . encourage the disheartened.
1 Thessalonians 5:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Thessalonians 5:12–28

First responders show dedication and courage daily by being on the
front lines when disasters occur. In the attack on the World Trade
Center in New York City in 2001 when thousands of people were killed
or injured, more than four hundred emergency workers also lost their
lives. In honor of first responders, the US Senate designated
September 12 as the National Day of Encouragement.

While it may seem unique that a government would declare a national
day of encouragement, the apostle Paul certainly thought this was
needed for the growth of a church. He commended the young church in
Thessalonica, a city in Macedonia, to “encourage the disheartened,
help the weak, be patient with everyone” (1 Thessalonians 5:14).
Although they were going through persecution, Paul encouraged the
believers to “always strive to do what is good for each other and for
everyone else” (v. 15). He knew that as humans, they would be prone to
despair, selfishness, and conflict. But he also knew they would not be
able to uplift one another without God’s help and strength.

Things are no different today. We all need to be uplifted, and we need
to do the same for those around us. Yet we can’t do it in our own
strength. That’s why Paul’s encouragement that “the one who calls you
[Jesus] is faithful, and he will do it” is so reassuring (v. 24). With
His help, we can encourage one another every day.

By:  Estera Pirosca Escobar

Reflect & Pray

How can a word of encouragement keep despair away? Who can you
encourage today?

Jesus, thank You for the encouragement You give me each day. Show me
who I need to encourage as well.
