http://odb.org/2011/04/26/hard-to-imagine/

Hard To Imagine

I am hard-pressed between the two, having a desire to depart and be
with Christ, which is far better. —
Philippians 1:23

Today's Scripture: Philippians 1:19-26

Whenever my wife, Martie, and I get ready to go on vacation, we like
to read about our destination, study the maps, and anticipate the joy
of finally arriving at the place we’ve dreamed about for so long.

For those of us who know Jesus Christ, we have an incredible
destination ahead of us—heaven. But I find it interesting that a lot
of us don’t seem to be very excited about getting there. Why is that?
Maybe it’s because we don’t understand heaven. We talk about streets
of gold and gates of pearl, but what is it really like? What is there
to look forward to?

I think the most profound description of heaven is found in Paul’s
words to the Philippians. He said that to “depart and be with Christ”
is “far better” (Phil. 1:23). It’s what I told my 8-year-old grandson
when he asked what heaven is like. I started by asking him, “What is
the most exciting thing in your life?” He told me about his computer
game and other fun things he likes to do, and then I told him that
heaven is far better. He thought for a minute, and then said, “Papa,
that’s hard to imagine.”

What is it that you look forward to in life? What really excites you?
Whatever it is, although it’s hard to imagine, heaven will be far
better!

By:  Joe Stowell

Reflect & Pray

To be in His presence! A glorious thought So awesome I cannot
conceive; I’ll bow down and worship the Lord on His throne And add to
the praise He’ll receive. —Sper

The more you look forward to heaven, the less you’ll desire on earth.
