http://odb.org/2011/05/27/the-pilot’s-rutter/

The Pilot’s Rutter

Direct my steps by Your Word. —
Psalm 119:133

Today's Scripture: Psalm 119:129-136

During the era of great sea exploration in the 15th and 16th
centuries, sailing ships traversed vast, hazardous oceans and
navigated dangerous coastlines. Pilots used various navigation
techniques—including a book called a “rutter” (not the “rudder,” the
ship’s steering device). This was a log of events kept by earlier
voyagers who chronicled their encounters with previously unknown and
difficult waters. By reading the sailing details in a rutter, captains
could avoid hazards and make it through difficult waters.

In many ways, the Christian life is like a voyage, and the believer
needs help in navigating life’s perilous seas. We have that help
because God has given us His Word as a “spiritual rutter.” Often when
we reflect on a meaningful passage, we can recall God’s faithfulness
through trying circumstances. As the psalmist suggests, perils are
found not only in life situations but also in our inner tendency
toward sin. Because of these dual concerns, he wrote, “Direct my steps
by Your Word, and let no iniquity have dominion over me” (119:133).

As you reflect on the teaching in the Bible, you’ll be reminded of
God’s past care, assured of the Lord’s guidance in trying
circumstances, and warned against sinfulness. That’s the advantage of
having a “spiritual rutter.”

By:  Dennis Fisher

Reflect & Pray

My Bible is a guidebook true That points for me the way, That gives me
courage, hope, and cheer And guidance for each day. —Anon.

With God’s Word as your map and His Spirit as your compass, you’re
sure to stay on course.
