https://odb.org/2019/09/14/closet-friends/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Whatever the Cost

They would not openly acknowledge their faith for fear.
John 12:42

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 12:37–43

The film Paul, Apostle of Christ takes an unflinching look at
persecution in the early days of the church. Even the movie’s minor
characters reveal how dangerous it was to follow Jesus. Consider these
roles listed in the credits: Beaten Woman; Beaten Man; Christian
Victims 1, 2, and 3.

Identifying with Christ often came at a high cost. And in much of the
world, it’s still dangerous to follow Jesus. Many in the church today
can relate to that kind of persecution. Some of us, however, may feel
“persecuted” prematurely—outraged any time our faith is mocked or we
suspect we were passed over for a promotion because of our beliefs.

Obviously, there’s a colossal difference between sacrificing social
status and sacrificing our lives. Realistically, though, self-
interest, financial stability, and social acceptance have always been
intense human motivators. We see this in the actions of some of
Jesus’s earliest converts. The apostle John reports that, mere days
before Jesus’s crucifixion, although most Israelites were still
rejecting Him (John 12:37), many “even among the leaders believed” (v.
42). However, “They would not openly acknowledge their faith . . . for
they loved human praise more than praise from God” (vv. 42–43).

Today we still face societal pressures (and worse) to keep our faith
in Christ hidden. Whatever the cost, let’s stand together as a people
who seek God’s approval more than human praise.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

We might be tempted to judge the early believers who hid their faith,
but are we any different? Are there times we choose to be quiet so we
can hide our identification with Jesus?

Jesus, I want to be a close friend of Yours.
