https://odb.org/2020/03/25/its-time-to-pray-again/?utm_source=feedburn
er&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%
29

It’s Time to Pray . . . Again

Pray in the Spirit on all occasions with all kinds of prayers and
requests.
Ephesians 6:18

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ephesians 6:10–20

I pulled into my driveway, waving at my neighbor Myriam and her little
girl Elizabeth. Over the years, Elizabeth had grown accustomed to our
spontaneous chats lasting longer than the promised “few minutes” and
morphing into prayer meetings. She climbed the tree planted in the
center of their front yard, dangled her legs over a branch, and busied
herself while her mother and I spoke. After a while, Elizabeth hopped
down from her roost and ran to where we stood. Grabbing our hands, she
smiled and almost sang, “It’s time to pray . . . again.” Even at an
early age, Elizabeth seemed to understand how important prayer was in
our friendship.

After encouraging believers to “be strong in the Lord and in his
mighty power” (Ephesians 6:10), the apostle Paul offered special
insight on the crucial role of continual prayer. He described the
necessary armor God’s people would need during their spiritual walk
with the Lord, who provides protection, discernment, and confidence in
His truth (vv. 11–17). However, the apostle emphasized this God-given
strength grew from deliberate immersion in the life-giving gift of
prayer (vv. 18–20).

God hears and cares about our concerns, whether they’re spoken boldly,
sobbed silently, or secured deep in a hurting heart. He’s always ready
to make us strong in His power, as He invites us to pray again and
again and again.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

How can ongoing prayer change our perspective, relationships, and day-
to-day living? What would it mean for you to consider your time
in prayer to be as vital as breathing?

Heavenly Father, thank You for the privilege of coming to You in
prayer.
