http://odb.org/2016/02/13/ice-flowers/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_mediu
m=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Ice Flowers

There are different kinds of gifts, but the same Spirit distributes
them.
1 Corinthians 12:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Corinthians 12:4-14

Fifteen-year-old Wilson Bentley was captivated by the intricate beauty
of snowflakes. He looked with fascination through an old microscope
his mother had given him and made hundreds of sketches of their
remarkable designs, but they melted too quickly to adequately capture
their detail. Several years later, in 1885, he had an idea. He
attached a bellows camera to the microscope and, after much trial and
error, took his first picture of a snowflake. During his lifetime
Bentley would capture 5,000 snowflake images and each one was a unique
design. He described them as “tiny miracles of beauty” and “ice
flowers.”

No two snowflakes are alike, yet all come from the same source. So it
is with followers of Christ. We all come from the same Creator and
Redeemer, yet we are all different. In God’s glorious plan He has
chosen to bring a variety of people together into a unified whole, and
He has gifted us in various ways. In describing the diversity of gifts
to believers, Paul writes: “There are different kinds of gifts, but
the same Spirit distributes them. There are different kinds of
service, but the same Lord. There are different kinds of working, but
in all of them and in everyone it is the same God at work” (1 Cor.
12:4-6).

Thank God for the unique contribution you can offer as you help and
serve others.

By:  Dennis Fisher

Reflect & Pray

Dear Lord, thank You for the unique way that You have gifted me. Help
me to use my gifts faithfully to serve You and others.

Each person is a unique expression of God's loving design.
