http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/odb/feed/~3/XTYLibjihz4/

Overflowing

May the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace as you trust in
him.
Romans 15:13

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 15:4–13

“No! No! No! NO!” I screamed. It didn’t help. Not one bit. My
brilliant solution for our plugged problem—flushing again—accomplished
exactly the opposite of what I’d intended. I knew I had made a mistake
the second I pushed the lever down. And I stood helplessly as water
overflowed.

How many times have our kids tried to pour milk and misjudged the
process, with white liquid flowing everywhere. Or maybe we failed to
remember that a two-liter bottle of soda just rolled around in the
trunk . . . with explosively startling results.

No, spills are almost never a good thing. But there might be one
exception. The apostle Paul uses that image of overflowing to describe
a people so full of God’s Spirit that what naturally spills out of
them is hope (Romans 15:13). I love that picture of being filled to
the brim with joy, peace, and faith because of His powerful presence
in our lives. So much so, in fact, that we can’t help but exude and
express winsome confidence in our heavenly Father. That might be
during the beautiful, sunny seasons of our lives. Or when the
proverbial cup of our lives gets jostled. Either way, what sloshes out
over the top is life-giving hope to those around us who are “drenched”
by it.

By:  Adam R. Holz

Reflect & Pray

Lord, spills happen in life. But when they do, help us to be so full
of Your Spirit that what pours out of us is the kind of hope that
others can’t help but notice and be blessed by.

The Father gave us the Spirit to make us like the Son.
