https://odb.org/2017/12/03/waiting-5/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium
=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Waiting

Bethlehem . . . out of you will come for me one who will be ruler over
Israel.
Micah 5:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: Micah 5:2–4

“How much longer until it’s Christmas?” When my children were little,
they asked this question repeatedly. Although we used a daily Advent
calendar to count down the days to Christmas, they still found the
waiting excruciating.

We can easily recognize a child’s struggle with waiting, but we might
underestimate the challenge it can involve for all of God’s people.
Consider, for instance, those who received the message of the prophet
Micah, who promised that out of Bethlehem would come a “ruler over
Israel” (5:2) who would “stand and shepherd his flock in the strength
of the Lord ” (v. 4). The initial fulfillment of this prophecy came
when Jesus was born in Bethlehem (Matt. 2:1) —after the people had
waited some 700 years. But some of the prophecy’s fulfillment is yet
to come. For we wait in hope for the return of Jesus, when all of
God’s people will “live securely” and “his greatness will reach to the
ends of the earth” (Mic. 5:4). Then we will rejoice greatly, for our
long wait will be over.

Most of us don’t find waiting easy, but we can trust that God will
honor His promises to be with us as we wait (Matt. 28:20). For when
Jesus was born in little Bethlehem, He ushered in life in all its
fullness (see John 10:10)—life without condemnation. We enjoy His
presence with us today while we eagerly wait for His return.

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

We wait, Father God, and we hope. We wait, dear Jesus, as we long for
peace to break out. We wait, comforting Spirit, for all the world to
experience Your love.

We wait for God’s promises, believing they will come true.
