https://odb.org/2020/11/21/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Instruments of Peace

Peacemakers who sow in peace reap a harvest of righteousness.
James 3:18

Today's Scripture & Insight: James 3:13–18

When World War I erupted in 1914, British statesman Sir Edward Grey
declared, “The lamps are going out all over Europe; we shall not see
them lit again in our lifetime.” Grey was right. When the “war to end
all wars” finally ended, some 20 million had been killed (10 million
of them civilians) and another 21 million injured.

While not on the same scale or magnitude, devastation can also occur
in our personal lives. Our home, workplace, church, or neighborhood
can also be shrouded by the dark specter of conflict. This is one of
the reasons God calls us to be difference-makers in the world. But to
do so we must rely on His wisdom. The apostle James wrote, “The wisdom
that comes from heaven is first of all pure; then peace-loving,
considerate, submissive, full of mercy and good fruit, impartial and
sincere. Peacemakers who sow in peace reap a harvest of righteousness”
(James 3:17–18).

The role of peacemaker is significant because of its harvest. The word
righteousness means “right standing” or “right relationship.”
Peacemakers can help restore relationships. No wonder Jesus said,
“Blessed are the peacemakers, for they will be called children of God”
(Matthew 5:9). His children, relying on His wisdom, become instruments
of His peace where it’s needed most.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

In what personal conflicts do you need the light of God’s wisdom? How
can His peace enable you to be a peacemaker when people around you
choose to fight?

Father, Your light penetrates the deepest darkness and Your peace
calms the most troubled heart. Help me know Your wisdom and peace and
carry it to others in their struggles as well. Listen to Discover the
Word, “Why Can’t We All Just Get Along?” at
DiscoverTheWord.org/series/why-can’t-we-all-just-get-along/.
