https://odb.org/2018/04/05/what-we-want-to-hear/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

What We Want to Hear

I hate him because he never prophesies anything good about me, but
always bad.
2 Chronicles 18:7

Today's Scripture: 2 Chronicles 18:5–27

As human beings, we are prone to seek out information that supports
the opinions we hold. Research shows that we’re actually twice as
likely to look for information that supports our position. When we’re
deeply committed to our own way of thinking, we avoid having that
thinking challenged by opposing positions.

Such was the case in King Ahab’s rule over Israel. When he and
Jehoshaphat, the king of Judah, discussed whether to go to war against
Ramoth Gilead, Ahab gathered 400 prophets—men he’d appointed to that
role himself and would therefore tell him what he wanted to hear—to
help them decide. Each replied he should go, saying “God will give it
into the king’s hand” (2 Chronicles 18:5). Jehoshaphat asked whether
there was a prophet who had been chosen by God through whom they could
inquire of the Lord. Ahab responded reluctantly because God’s prophet,
Micaiah, “never prophesies anything good about [him], but always bad”
(v. 7). Indeed, Micaiah indicated they wouldn’t be victorious, and the
people would be “scattered on the hills” (v. 16).

In reading their story, I see how I too tend to avoid wise advice if
it isn’t what I want to hear. In Ahab’s case, the result of listening
to his “yes men”—400 prophets—was disastrous (v. 34). May we be
willing to seek and listen to the voice of truth, God’s words in the
Bible, even when it contradicts our personal preferences.

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

Lord, help me to seek and heed Your counsel even when it’s against my
desires or popular thought.

God’s counsel is trustworthy and wise.
