https://odb.org/2018/07/07/declaring-dependence/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Declaring Dependence

Apart from me you can do nothing.
John 15:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 5:16–23

Laura’s mom was battling cancer. One morning Laura prayed for her with
a friend. Her friend, who had been disabled for years by cerebral
palsy, prayed: “Lord, you do everything for me. Please do everything
for Laura’s mother.”

Laura was deeply moved by her friend’s “declaration of dependence” on
God. Reflecting on the moment, she said, “How often do I acknowledge
my need for God in everything? It’s something I should do every day!”

During His days on earth Jesus demonstrated continual dependence on
His heavenly Father. One might think that because Jesus is God in a
human body, He would have the best of all reasons to be self-
sufficient. But when the religious authorities asked Him to give a
reason for “working” on a legally ordained day of rest because He
healed someone on the Sabbath, He responded, “Very truly I tell you,
the Son can do nothing by himself; he can do only what he sees his
Father doing” (John 5:19). Jesus declared His dependence as well!

Jesus’s reliance on the Father sets the ultimate example of what it
means to live in relationship with God. Every moment we draw breath is
a gift from God, and He wants our lives to be filled with His
strength. When we live to love and serve Him through our moment-by-
moment prayer and reliance on His Word, we are declaring our
dependence on Him.

By:  James Banks

Reflect & Pray

I need You for everything, Lord! Help me to live to serve You. I
praise You for being my Savior and my strength!

Prayerlessness is our declaration of independence from God. Daniel
Henderson
