https://odb.org/2020/09/09/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Printed on Our Hearts

Bind them on your fingers; write them on the tablet of your heart.
Proverbs 7:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: Proverbs 7:1–5

When Johannes Gutenberg combined the printing press with moveable type
in 1450, he ushered in the era of mass communications in the West,
spreading learning into new social realms. Literacy increased across
the globe and new ideas produced rapid transformations in social and
religious contexts. Gutenberg produced the first-ever printed version
of the Bible. Prior to this, Bibles were painstakingly hand-copied,
taking scribes up to a year to produce.

For centuries since, the printing press has provided people like you
and me the privilege of direct access to Scripture. While we also have
electronic versions available to us, many of us often hold a physical
Bible in our hands because of his invention. What was once
inaccessible given the sheer cost and time to have a Bible copied is
readily at our fingertips today.

Having access to God’s truth is an amazing privilege. The writer of
Proverbs indicates we should treat His instructions to us in the
Scriptures as something to be cherished, as “the apple of [our] eye”
(Proverbs 7:2) and to write His words of wisdom on “the tablet of
[our] heart” (v. 3). As we seek to understand the Bible and live
according to its wisdom, we, like scribes, are drawing God’s truth
from our “fingers” down into our hearts, to be taken with us wherever
we go.

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

How has having Scripture stored in your heart benefitted you? How can
you begin to internalize more of God’s wisdom?

Loving God, help me to know Your Word intimately that I might live in
the way You desire.
