https://odb.org/2021/05/06/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Heavy but Hopeful

Lord, you are the God who saves me.
Psalm 88:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 88:1–13

In a Peanuts comic strip, the very enterprising character Lucy
advertised “psychiatric help” for five cents. Charlie Brown found his
way to her office and acknowledged his “deep feelings of depression.”
When he asked her what he could do about his condition, Lucy’s quick
reply was, “Snap out of it! Five cents, please.”

While such lighthearted entertainment brings a momentary smile, the
sadness and gloom that can grip us when real life happens is not that
easily dismissed. Feelings of hopelessness and despair are real, and
sometimes professional attention is needed.

Lucy’s advice wasn’t helpful in addressing real anguish. However, the
writer of Psalm 88 does offer something instructive and hopeful. A
truckload of trouble had arrived at his doorstep. And so, with raw
honesty, he poured out his heart to God. “I am overwhelmed with
troubles and my life draws near to death” (v. 3). “You have put me in
the lowest pit, in the darkest depths” (v. 6). “Darkness is my closest
friend” (v. 18). We hear, feel, and perhaps identify with the
psalmist’s pain. Yet, that’s not all. His lament is laced with hope. “
Lord , you are the God who saves me; day and night I cry out to you.
May my prayer come before you; turn your ear to my cry” (vv. 1–2; see
vv. 9, 13). Heavy things do come and practical steps such as counsel
and medical care may be needed. But never abandon hope in God.

By:  Arthur Jackson

Reflect & Pray

When have you turned to God in the midst of your despair? What’s
keeping you from crying out to Him now?

Father, help me to see Your open, welcome arms regardless of my
situation.
