http://odb.org/2014/10/21/undeserved-praise/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Undeserved Praise

I have not come to call the righteous, but sinners, to repentance. —
Luke 5:32

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 5:27-32

Even before I could afford a self-cleaning oven, I managed to keep my
oven clean. Guests even commented on it when we had them over for a
meal. “Wow, your oven is so clean. It looks like new.” I accepted the
praise even though I knew I didn’t deserve it. The reason my oven was
clean had nothing to do with my meticulous scrubbing; it was clean
because I so seldom used it.

How often, I wonder, am I guilty of accepting undeserved admiration
for my “clean” life? It’s easy to give the impression of being
virtuous; simply do nothing difficult, controversial, or upsetting to
people. But Jesus said we are to love people who don’t agree with us,
who don’t share our values, who don’t even like us. Love requires that
we get involved in the messy situations of people’s lives. Jesus was
frequently in trouble with religious leaders who were more concerned
about keeping their own reputations clean than they were about the
spiritual condition of those they were supposed to care for. They
considered Jesus and His disciples unclean for mingling with sinners
when they were simply trying to rescue people from their destructive
way of life (Luke 5:30-31).

True disciples of Jesus are willing to risk their own reputations to
help others out of the mire of sin.

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

Dear Lord, give me a heart of compassion for those who are lost in
sin. Help me not to be concerned about what others think of me but
only that Your holy name will be honored.

Christ sends us out to bring others in.
