https://odb.org/2020/07/07/prayer-eggs/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Prayer Eggs

Though it linger, wait for it; it will certainly come and will not
delay.
Habakkuk 2:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: Habakkuk 2:1–3

Just outside my kitchen window, a robin built her nest under the eaves
of our patio roof. I loved watching her tuck grasses into a safe spot
and then hunker down to incubate the eggs. Each morning I checked her
progress; but each morning, there was nothing. Robin eggs take two
weeks to hatch.

Such impatience isn’t new for me. I’ve always strained against the
work of waiting, especially in prayer. My husband and I waited nearly
five years to adopt our first child. Decades ago, author Catherine
Marshall wrote, “Prayers, like eggs, don’t hatch as soon as we lay
them.”

The prophet Habakkuk wrestled with waiting in prayer. Frustrated at
God’s silence with Babylon’s brutal mistreatment of the Southern
Kingdom of Judah, Habakkuk commits to “stand at my watch and station
myself on the ramparts,” to “look to see what he will say to me”
(Habakkuk 2:1). God replies that Habakkuk is to wait for the
“appointed time” (v. 3) and directs Habakkuk to “write down the
revelation” so the word can be spread as soon as it’s given (v. 2).

What God doesn’t mention is that the “appointed time” when Babylon
falls is six decades away, creating a long gap between promise and
fulfillment. Like eggs, prayers often don’t hatch immediately but
rather incubate in God’s overarching purposes for our world and our
lives.

By:  Elisa Morgan

Reflect & Pray

How difficult do you find it to wait while God works? While you wait,
how can you obey God in what He has already given you to do?

Dear God, help me to trust You to work while I’m waiting. To learn
more about the prophet Habakkuk, visit bit.ly/35b7xTE.
