https://odb.org/2017/09/26/from-empty-to-full/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

From Empty to Full

When all the jars were full . . . the oil stopped flowing.
2 Kings 4:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Kings 4:1–7

A popular children’s book tells the story of a poor, country boy who
took off his cap to honor the king. An identical hat appeared
instantly in its place on his head, inciting the king’s anger for what
appeared to be disrespect. Bartholomew removed hat after hat while
being escorted to the palace for punishment. Each time, a new one
appeared in its place. The hats grew increasingly fancy, bearing
precious jewels and feather plumes. The 500th hat was the envy of King
Derwin, who pardoned Bartholomew and purchased the hat for 500 pieces
of gold. At last, Bartholomew’s head was bare; he walked home with
freedom and money to support his family.

A widow came to Elisha in financial distress, fearing her children
would be sold into slavery to pay her debts (2 Kings 4). She had no
assets other than a jar of oil. God multiplied that oil to fill enough
borrowed jars to settle the debts plus care for their daily needs (v.
7).

God provided financially for the widow in much the same way He
provides salvation for me. I am bankrupted by sin, but Jesus paid my
debt—and offers me eternal life as well! Without Jesus, we are each
like the poor, country boy with no means to pay our King for our
offenses against Him. God miraculously supplies the extravagant ransom
for us, and ensures that those who trust in Him will have life
abundant forever.

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

Thank You, Lord, for paying my debt through the sacrifice of Jesus
Christ. I had nothing; You paid it all for me.

Jesus’s sacrifice pays for our spiritual debt.
