https://odb.org/2021/02/27/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

No Longer Yourself

I have been crucified with Christ and I no longer live, but Christ
lives in me. The life I now live in the body, I live by faith in the
Son of God, who loved me and gave himself for me.
Galatians 2:20

Today's Scripture & Insight: Galatians 2:14–21

In the summer of 1859, Monsieur Charles Blondin became the first
person to cross Niagara Falls on a tightrope—something he would go on
to do hundreds of times. Once he did it with his manager Harry Colcord
on his back. Blondin gave Colcord these instructions: “Look up, Harry
. . . you are no longer Colcord, you are Blondin. . . . If I sway,
sway with me. Do not attempt to do any balancing yourself. If you do,
we will both go to our death.”

Paul, in essence, said to the Galatian believers: You can’t walk the
line of living a life that is pleasing to God apart from faith in
Christ. But here’s the good news—you don’t have to! No amount of
attempting to earn our way to God will ever cut it. So are we passive
in our salvation? No! Our invitation is to cling to Christ. Clinging
to Jesus means putting to death an old, independent way of living;
it’s as if we ourselves have died. Yet, we go on living. But “the life
[we] now live in the body, [we] live by faith in the Son of God, who
loved [us] and gave himself for [us]” (Galatians 2:20).

Where are we trying to walk the tightrope today? God hasn’t called us
to walk out on the rope to Him; He’s called us to cling to Him and
walk this life with Him.

By:  Glenn Packiam

Reflect & Pray

How can you stop trying to please God on your own? Where do you need
to cling to Jesus today, trusting His righteousness?

Dear Jesus, thank You for doing for me what I could never do for
myself. I turn away from trying to please You on my own. I’m so glad I
don’t need to earn Your love.
