http://odb.org/2015/11/28/seeing-ourselves/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Seeing Ourselves

Everyone ought to examine themselves.
1 Corinthians 11:28

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Corinthians 11:23-34

Long ago, before the invention of mirrors or polished surfaces, people
rarely saw themselves. Puddles of water, streams, and rivers were one
of the few ways they could see their own reflection. But mirrors
changed that. And the invention of cameras took fascination with our
looks to a whole new level. We now have lasting images of ourselves
from any given time throughout our entire life. This is good for
making scrapbooks and keeping family histories, but it can be
detrimental to our spiritual well-being. The fun of seeing ourselves
on camera can keep us focused on outward appearance and leave us with
little interest in examining our inner selves.

Self-examination is crucial for a healthy spiritual life. God wants us
to see ourselves so that we can be spared the consequences of sinful
choices. This is so important that Scripture says we are not to
participate in the Lord’s Supper without first examining ourselves (1
Cor. 11:28). The point of this self-examination is not only to make
things right with God but also to make sure we are right with one
another. The Lord’s Supper is a remembrance of Christ’s body, and we
can’t celebrate it properly if we’re not living in harmony with other
believers.

Seeing and confessing our sin promotes unity with others and a healthy
relationship with God.

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

Dear Lord, help me to be more concerned with the reflection of my
heart than with my physical reflection. Change me through the power of
Your Spirit.

When we look into the mirror of God’s Word, we see ourselves more
clearly.
