http://odb.org/2016/01/29/her-fathers-zoo/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Her Father’s Zoo

The righteous care for the needs of their animals, but the kindest
acts of the wicked are cruel.
Proverbs 12:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Kings 4:29-34

June Williams was only 4 when her father bought 7 acres of land to
build a zoo without bars or cages. Growing up she remembers how
creative her father was in trying to help wild animals feel free in
confinement. Today Chester Zoo is one of England’s most popular
wildlife attractions. Home to 11,000 animals on 110 acres of land, the
zoo reflects her father’s concern for animal welfare, education, and
conservation.

Solomon had a similar interest in all creatures great and small. In
addition to studying the wildlife of the Middle East, he imported
exotic animals like apes and monkeys from far-off lands (1 Kings
10:22). But one of his proverbs shows us that Solomon’s knowledge of
nature went beyond intellectual curiosity. When he expressed the
spiritual implications of how we treat our animals, he mirrored
something of the heart of our Creator: “The righteous care for the
needs of their animals, but the kindest acts of the wicked are cruel”
(Prov. 12:10).

With God-given wisdom, Solomon saw that our relationship to our
Creator affects not only how we treat people but also how much
thoughtful consideration we give to the creatures in our care.

By:  Mart DeHaan

Reflect & Pray

Father in heaven, when we think about the wonder and diversity of Your
animal kingdom, please help us not only to worship You, but to care
for what You’ve entrusted to us.

God is the real Owner of all of us.
