http://odb.org/2015/09/17/doesnt-god-care/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Doesn’t God Care?

“For my thoughts are not your thoughts, neither are your ways my
ways,” declares the Lord.
Isaiah 55:8

Today's Scripture & Insight: Habakkuk 1:1-11

Why does the intoxicated driver escape an accident unharmed while his
sober victim is seriously injured? Why do bad people prosper while
good people suffer? How often have you been so confused by things
going on in your life that you have cried out, “Doesn’t God care?”

Habakkuk struggled with this same question as he saw the distressing
situation in Judah where wickedness and injustice were running rampant
(Hab. 1:1-4). His confusion drove him to ask God when He would act to
fix the situation. God’s reply was nothing short of perplexing.

God said that He would use the Chaldeans as the means of Judah’s
correction. The Chaldeans were notorious for their cruelty (v. 7).
They were bent on violence (v. 9) and worshiped nothing but their
military prowess and false gods (vv. 10-11).

In moments when we don’t understand God’s ways, we need to trust His
unchanging character. That’s exactly what Habakkuk did. He believed
that God is a God of justice, mercy, and truth (Ps. 89:14). In the
process, he learned to look at his circumstances from the framework of
God’s character instead of looking at God’s character from the context
of his own circumstances. He concluded, “The Sovereign Lord is my
strength; he makes my feet like the feet of a deer, he enables me to
tread on the heights” (Hab. 3:19).

By:  Poh Fang Chia

Reflect & Pray

Lord, it is easy to let my circumstances change how I understand You.
Help me to remember that You are good and faithful, even though I
can’t see everything and may not understand how You are working.

Our situation may look very different from God’s point of view.
