https://odb.org/2019/12/18/walk-in-the-present-with-god/?utm_source=fe
edburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+
Bread%29

Walk in the Present with God

The children of your servants will live in your presence; their
descendants will be established before you.
Psalm 102:28

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 102:11–13, 18–28

In Mere Christianity, C. S. Lewis wrote: “Almost certainly God is not
in time. His life does not consist of moments one following another .
. . . Ten-thirty—and every other moment from the beginning of the
world—is always present for Him.” Still, waiting seasons often feel
endless. But as we learn to trust God, the eternal Maker of time, we
can accept the reality that our fragile existence is secure in His
hands.

The psalmist, lamenting in Psalm 102, admits his days are as fleeting
as “the evening shadow” and withering grass, while God “endures
through all generations” (vv. 11–12). The writer, weary from
suffering, proclaims that God sits “enthroned forever” (v. 12). He
affirms that God’s power and consistent compassion reach beyond his
personal space (vv. 13–18). Even in his despair (vv. 19–24), the
psalmist turns his focus on the power of God as Creator (v. 25).
Though His creations will perish, He will remain the same for eternity
(vv. 26–27).

When time seems to be standing still or dragging on, it’s tempting to
accuse God of being late or non-responsive. We can grow impatient and
frustrated with remaining still. We can forget He’s chosen every
single cobblestone on the path He’s planned for us. But He never
leaves us to fend for ourselves. As we live by faith in the presence
of God, we can walk in the present with God.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

How can acknowledging God as the Maker of time help you trust Him when
His timing doesn’t meet your preference? How can living in the present
give you peace?

Loving God, please teach us to be present in life, refusing to worry
about tomorrow as You affirm Your constant presence.
