http://odb.org/2016/11/29/im-rich-2/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=
feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

I’m Rich!

I rejoice in following your statutes as one rejoices in great riches.
Psalm 119:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 119:9–16

Perhaps you’ve seen the TV ad in which a person answers the door and
finds someone who hands over a check for an enormous amount of money.
Then the amazed recipient begins shouting, dancing, jumping, and
hugging everyone in sight. “I won! I’m rich! I can’t believe it! My
problems are solved!” Striking it rich evokes a great emotional
response.

In Psalm 119, the longest chapter in the Bible, we find this
remarkable statement: “I rejoice in following your statutes as one
rejoices in great riches” (v. 14). What a comparison! Obeying God’s
instructions for living can be just as exhilarating as receiving a
fortune! Verse 16 repeats this refrain as the psalmist expresses
grateful gladness for the Lord’s commands. “I delight in your decrees;
I will not neglect your word.”

But what if we don’t feel that way? How can delighting in God’s
instructions for living be just as exhilarating as receiving a
fortune? It all begins with gratitude, which is both an attitude and a
choice. We pay attention to what we value, so we begin by expressing
our gratitude for those gifts of God that nourish our souls. We ask
Him to open our eyes to see the storehouse of wisdom, knowledge, and
peace He has given us in His Word.

As our love for Jesus grows each day, we indeed strike it rich!

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Dear Father, open our eyes that we may see wonderful things in Your
law. Thank You that Your instructions give wise advice.

Rich treasures of God’s truth are waiting to be discovered in His
Word.
