https://odb.org/2019/09/24/qualified-in-gods-eyes/?utm_source=feedburn
er&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%
29

Qualified in God’s Eyes

[Noah] walked faithfully with God.
Genesis 6:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: Genesis 6:9–18

A technology-consulting firm hired me after college although I
couldn’t write a line of computer code and had very little business
knowledge. During the interview process for my entry-level position, I
learned that the company did not place high value on work experience.
Instead, personal qualities such as the ability to solve problems
creatively, exercise good judgment, and work well with a team were
more important. The company assumed new workers could be taught the
necessary skills as long as they were the kind of people the company
was looking for.

Noah didn’t have the right resume for the job of constructing the
ark—he wasn’t a boat builder or even a carpenter. Noah was a farmer, a
man comfortable with dirt on his shirt and a plow in his hands. Yet as
God decided how to deal with the evil in the world at that time, Noah
stood out because “he walked faithfully with God” (Genesis 6:9). God
valued the teachableness of Noah’s heart—the strength to resist the
corruption around him and to do what was right.

When opportunities to serve God come our way, we may not feel
qualified for the work. Thankfully, God is not necessarily concerned
with our skill set. He prizes our character, love for Him, and
willingness to trust Him. When these qualities are being developed
inside us by the Spirit, He can use us in big or small ways to
accomplish His will on earth.

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

What character qualities do you need God to develop in you? Why is
your character so important to God?

Dear God, give me a heart that’s willing to serve You in any way.
Equip me in the areas where I lack experience, and fill me with Your
Spirit.
