http://odb.org/2012/11/28/bookmobile/

Bookmobile

That I may know Him and the power of His resurrection, and the
fellowship of His sufferings, being conformed to His death. —
Philippians 3:10

Today's Scripture: Philippians 3:7-14

Before the electronic gadgets and distractions of today, the long
summer days of my boyhood were brightened each week when the
bookmobile arrived. It was a bus lined with book-filled shelves that
were transported from the regional library to neighborhoods so that
those without transportation could access them. Because of the
bookmobile, I spent many a happy summer day reading books that would
otherwise have been inaccessible. To this day, I am thankful for the
love of books that the bookmobile fostered in me.

Some Bible scholars say that the apostle Paul had a love of books and
studied them till the end of his life. He wrote in his final letter,
“Bring the cloak that I left with Carpus at Troas when you come—and
the books, especially the parchments” (2 Tim. 4:13). The books he was
asking for could very well have been the Old Testament and/or some of
his own writings.

I’m sure that Paul’s pursuit of knowledge was more than intellectual
curiosity or entertainment. It was the pursuit of Christ that drove
Paul. His goal: “That I may know Him and the power of His
resurrection, and the fellowship of His sufferings, being conformed to
His death” (Phil 3:10). I pray that this same pursuit will drive us
today.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Heavenly Father, give me a passionate desire to know You and Your Son.
Please stir my heart for this, the greatest of all pursuits, so that I
might grow ever closer to You. Amen.

To know Christ is the greatest of all knowledge.
