https://odb.org/2020/11/10/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Triumph of Forgiveness

Blessed is the one whose transgressions are forgiven, whose sins are
covered.
Psalm 32:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 32:1–7

Mack, having struggled with drug abuse and sexual sin, was desperate.
Relationships he valued were in disarray, and his conscience was
beating him up. In his misery, he found himself unannounced at a
church asking to speak with a pastor. There he found relief in sharing
his complicated story and in hearing about God’s mercy and
forgiveness.

Psalm 32 is believed to have been composed by David after his sexual
sin. He compounded his wrongdoing by devising a sinister strategy that
resulted in the death of the woman’s husband (see 2 Samuel 11–12).
While these ugly incidents were behind him, the effects of his actions
remained. Psalm 32:3–4 describes the deep struggles he experienced
before he acknowledged the ugliness of his deeds; the gnawing effects
of unconfessed sin were undeniable. What brought relief? Relief began
with confession to God and accepting the forgiveness He offers (v. 5).

What a great place for us to start—at the place of God’s mercy—when we
say or do things that cause hurt and harm to ourselves and others. The
guilt of our sin need not be permanent. There’s One whose arms are
open wide to receive us when we acknowledge our wrongs and seek His
forgiveness. We can join the chorus of those who sing, “Blessed is the
one whose transgressions are forgiven, whose sins are covered” (v. 1).

By:  Arthur Jackson

Reflect & Pray

Where do you run when you find yourself burdened by something you’ve
done or said? When someone comes to you who’s struggling with guilt,
how do you advise them?

Father, forgive me for the times when temptation has won in my life.
Help me always to run to You for forgiveness and to seek the
forgiveness of others when needed.
