https://odb.org/2017/03/23/cradled-in-comfort/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Cradled in Comfort

As a mother comforts her child, so will I comfort you.
Isaiah 66:13

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 66:12–16

My friend entrusted me with the privilege of holding her precious,
four-day-old daughter. Not long after I took the baby into my arms,
she started to fuss. I hugged her closer, my cheek pressed against her
head, and began to sway and hum in a gentle rhythm to soothe her.
Despite these earnest attempts, and my decade and a half of parenting
experience, I couldn’t pacify her. She became increasingly upset until
I placed her back into the crook of her mother’s eager arm. Peace
washed over her almost instantaneously; her cries subsided and her
newborn frame relaxed into the safety she already trusted. My friend
knew precisely how to hold and pat her daughter to alleviate her
distress.

God extends comfort to His children like a mother: tender,
trustworthy, and diligent in her efforts to calm her child. When we
are weary or upset, He carries us affectionately in His arms. As our
Father and Creator, He knows us intimately. He “will keep in perfect
peace all who trust in [him], all whose thoughts are fixed on [him]”
(Isa. 26:3 nlt).

When the troubles of this world weigh heavy on our hearts, we can find
comfort in the knowledge that He protects and fights for us, His
children, as a loving parent.

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

Lord, help me to look to You for my comfort in times of distress. For
help in finding God’s comfort, read The Lord Is My Shepherd: Rest and
Renewal from Psalm 23 at discoveryseries.org/hp952.

God’s comfort soothes us perfectly.
