https://odb.org/2018/01/13/an-angry-god/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

An Angry God?

The Lord, the Lord, the compassionate and gracious God, slow to anger,
abounding in love and faithfulness.
Exodus 34:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: Exodus 33:18–19; 34:1–7

When I studied Greek and Roman mythology in college, I was struck by
how moody and easily angered the mythological gods were in the
stories. The people on the receiving end of their anger found their
lives destroyed, sometimes on a whim.

I was quick to scoff, wondering how anyone could believe in gods like
that. But then I asked myself, Is my view of the God who actually
exists much different? Don’t I view Him as easily angered whenever I
doubt Him? Sadly, yes.

That’s why I appreciate Moses’s request of God to “show me your glory”
(Exodus 33:18). Having been chosen to lead a large group of people who
often grumbled against him, Moses wanted to know that God would indeed
help him with this great task. Moses’s request was rewarded by a
demonstration of God’s glory. God announced to Moses His name and
characteristics. He is “the compassionate and gracious God, slow to
anger, abounding in love and faithfulness” (34:6).

This verse reminded me that God is not impulsive, suddenly striking
out in anger. That’s reassuring, especially when I consider the times
I’ve lashed out at Him in anger or impatience. Also, He continually
works to make me more like Himself.

We can see God and His glory in His patience with us, the encouraging
word of a friend, a beautiful sunset, or—best of all—the whisper of
the Holy Spirit inside of us.

By:  Linda Washington

Reflect & Pray

Father God, I’m grateful that You are always compassionate, forgiving,
and faithful.

Though we often change, God never does.
