https://odb.org/2020/05/16/tell-me-a-story/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Tell Me a Story

He did not say anything to them without using a parable.
Mark 4:34

Today's Scripture & Insight: Mark 4:26–34

Once upon a time. Those four words just might be among the most
powerful in the entire world. Some of my earliest memories as a boy
contain a variation on that potent phrase. My mother came home one day
with a large, hardcover illustrated edition of biblical stories—My
Good Shepherd Bible Story Book. Every evening before lights-out, my
brother and I would sit expectantly as she read to us of a time long
ago filled with interesting people and the God who loved them. Those
stories became a lens for how we looked at the great big world.

The undisputed greatest storyteller ever? Jesus of Nazareth. He knew
we all carry inside us an innate love for stories, so that was the
medium He consistently used to communicate His good news: Once upon a
time there was a man who scattered “seed on the ground” (Mark 4:26).
Once upon a time there was “a mustard seed” (v. 31), and on and on.
Mark’s gospel clearly indicates that Jesus used stories in His
interactions with everyday people (v. 34) as a way to help them see
the world more clearly and understand more thoroughly the God who
loved them.

That’s wise to remember as we desire to share with others God’s good
news of mercy and grace. The use of story is almost impossible to
resist.

By:  John Blase

Reflect & Pray

How could you weave a story or parable into your conversations this
week? Maybe something like, “Once upon a time, God answered my prayer
in a surprising way . . . .”

Jesus, You’re the Wonderful Counselor and the Great and Mighty God.
Give us creativity in the ways in which we share Your love with a
world that still slows down to hear a story.
