http://odb.org/2010/07/08/false-predictions/

False Predictions

Tell us, when will these things be? And what will be the sign of Your
coming, and of the end of the age? —
Matthew 24:3

Today's Scripture: Matthew 24:36-44

News that a solar eclipse would take place on July 22, 2009, brought
an alarming prediction. It was predicted that the eclipse would
sufficiently affect gravitational pull, causing tectonic plates to
“pop a seam,” resulting in a sizable earthquake and a subsequent
devastating tsunami in Japan. The US Geological Survey responded that
no scientists “have ever predicted a major earthquake. They do not
know how, and they do not expect to know how, anytime in the
foreseeable future.”

There have also been many false predictions about the date of Christ’s
second coming—despite our Lord’s emphatic words: “But of that day and
hour no one knows, not even the angels of heaven, but My Father only”
(Matt. 24:36). Christ told His followers that instead of trying to
predict the date of His return, they should “watch” (v.42) and “be
ready” (v.44).

Peter warned, “The day of the Lord will come like a thief.” Then he
added: “What kind of people ought you to be? You ought to live holy
and godly lives” (2 Peter 3:10-11 NIV).

Striving to live for God—that’s what Jesus wants us to focus our
energy on while we wait for that “blessed hope and glorious appearing
of our great God and Savior Jesus Christ” (Titus 2:13).

By:  C. P. Hia

Reflect & Pray

When someone says, “I can discern Exactly when Christ will return,”
Don’t be deceived or led astray— The Lord said we can’t know the day.
—Sper

Look for Christ’s return, and you’ll live for Christ’s glory.
