https://odb.org/2019/05/31/here-for-you/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Here for You

I command you to be openhanded toward your fellow Israelites who are
poor and needy in your land.
Deuteronomy 15:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: Deuteronomy 15:7–11

On the outskirts of Paris, as in other cities around the globe, people
are coming to the aid of the homeless in their communities. Clothing,
covered in waterproof bags, is hung on designated fences for those
living on the streets to take according to their needs. The bags are
labeled, “I’m not lost; I’m for you if you’re cold.” The effort not
only warms those without shelter, but also teaches those in the
community the importance of assisting the needy among them.

The Bible highlights the importance of caring for those who are poor,
instructing us to be “openhanded” toward them (Deuteronomy 15:11). We
might be tempted to avert our eyes to the plight of the poor, holding
tightly to our resources instead of sharing them. Yet God challenges
us to recognize that we will always be surrounded by those who have
needs and therefore to respond to them with generosity, not a
“grudging heart” (v. 10). Jesus says that in giving to the poor we
receive an enduring treasure in heaven (Luke 12:33).

Our generosity may not be recognized by anyone other than God. Yet
when we give freely, we not only meet the needs of those around us but
we also experience the joy God intends for us in providing for others.
Help us, Lord, to have open eyes and open hands to supply the needs of
those You place in our paths!

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

Are you holding too tightly to your resources? If yes, why? What need
can you fill today?

Generosity displays confidence in God’s loving and faithful provision.
