https://odb.org/2018/11/08/fathers-and-sons/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Fathers and Sons

He will turn the hearts of fathers to their children and the hearts of
children to their fathers.
Malachi 4:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ephesians 4:31–32

My father was a good father, and, in most respects, I was a dutiful
son. But I allowed my father to starve for the one thing I could have
given him: myself.

He was a quiet man; I was equally silent. We often worked for hours
side-by-side with scarcely a word passing between us. He never asked;
I never told him my deepest desires and dreams, my hopes and fears.

In time I woke up to my reticence. Perhaps the perception came when my
first son was born, or when, one by one, my sons went out into the
world. Now I wish I had been more of a son to my father.

I think of all the things I could have told him. And all the things he
could have told me. At his funeral I stood beside his casket,
struggling to understand my emotions. “It’s too late, isn’t it?” my
wife said quietly. “Exactly.”

My comfort lies in the fact that we’ll be able to set things right in
heaven, for is that not where every tear will be wiped away?
(Revelation 21:4).

For believers in Jesus, death is not the end of affection but the
beginning of timeless existence in which there will be no more
misunderstandings; relationships will be healed and love will grow
forever. There, the hearts of sons will turn to their fathers and the
hearts of fathers to their sons (Malachi 4:6).

By:  David H. Roper

Reflect & Pray

Father, thank You for forgiving me and allowing me to experience a
restored relationship with You. Help me to seek reconciliation in my
broken relationships and deeper connections with others close to me
even as I await the healing that will come in Your presence.

In God’s power and love, draw closer to others while there’s time.
