https://odb.org/2019/05/17/gods-amazing-hands/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

God’s Amazing Hands

Into your hands I commit my spirit; deliver me, Lord, my faithful God.
Psalm 31:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 31:1–8

Twenty minutes into a flight from New York to San Antonio, the flight
plan changed as calm gave way to chaos. When one of the plane’s
engines failed, debris from the engine smashed through a window
causing the cabin to decompress. Sadly, several passengers were
injured and one person was killed. Had not a calm, capable pilot been
in the cockpit—one trained as a Navy fighter pilot—things could have
been tragically worse. The headline in our local paper read, “In
Amazing Hands.”

In Psalm 31, David revealed that he knew something about the Lord’s
amazing, caring hands. That’s why he could confidently say, “Into your
hands I commit my spirit” (v. 5). David believed that the Lord could
be trusted even when life got bumpy. Because he was targeted by
unfriendly forces, life was very uncomfortable for David. Though
vulnerable, he was not without hope. In the midst of harassment David
could breathe sighs of relief and rejoice because his faithful, loving
God was his source of confidence (vv. 5–7).

Perhaps you find yourself in a season of life when things are coming
at you from every direction, and it’s difficult to see what’s ahead.
In the midst of uncertainty, confusion, and chaos one thing remains
absolutely certain: those who are secure in the Lord are in amazing
hands.

By:  Arthur Jackson

Reflect & Pray

Have you committed your life—your earthly and eternal existence and
well-being—to God? How are you showing that you are trusting Him in
good times and bad?

Father, help me to be encouraged knowing that Jesus prayed Psalm 31:5
when He was on the cross. In the midst of pain and suffering, He
committed His life into Your hands.
