http://odb.org/2011/12/28/choices-and-consequences/

Choices And Consequences

Do not be deceived, God is not mocked; for whatever a man sows, that
he will also reap. —
Galatians 6:7

Today's Scripture: Galatians 6:1-10

In the International Slavery Museum in Liverpool, England, the
devastation of generations of enslaved men, women, and children is
remembered. The price innocent people have paid for the greed of
others is horrific—but theirs is not the only cost. Engraved in a wall
of the museum is a profound observation made by Frederick Douglass,
former slave and crusader for human rights, which reads, “No man can
put a chain about the ankle of his fellow man without at last finding
the other end fastened about his own neck.” In the act of dehumanizing
others, we dehumanize ourselves.

The apostle Paul put it another way when he wrote, “Do not be
deceived, God is not mocked; for whatever a man sows, that he will
also reap” (Gal. 6:7). Paul’s words form a stark reminder to us that
our choices have consequences—and that includes how we choose to treat
others. When we choose to hate, that hate can return to us in the form
of consequences that we can never fully prepare for. We can find
ourselves alienated from others, angry with ourselves, and hamstrung
in our ability to serve Christ effectively.

Instead, let’s choose “not [to] grow weary while doing good, for in
due season we shall reap . . . . As we have opportunity, let us do
good to all” (vv.9-10).

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Sowing seeds of greed and hatred Reaps corruption, loss, and pain; But
if we sow love and kindness, We will reap eternal gain. —Sper

The seeds we sow today determine the kind of fruit we’ll reap
tomorrow.
