https://odb.org/2021/02/04/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Faith Investments

Teach [these words of mine] to your children.
Deuteronomy 11:19

Today's Scripture & Insight: Deuteronomy 11:18–20

On his twelfth Christmas, the boy eagerly awaited the opening of the
gifts under the tree. He was yearning for a new bike, but his hopes
were dashed—the last present he received was a dictionary. On the
first page, he read: “To Charles from Mother and Daddy, 1958. With
love and high hopes for your best work in school.”

In the next decade, Chuck did do well in school. He graduated from
college and later, aviation training. He became a pilot working
overseas, fulfilling his passion to help people in need and to share
Jesus with them. Now some sixty years after receiving this gift, he
shared the well-worn dictionary with his grandchildren. It had become
for him a symbol of his parents’ loving investment in his future, and
Chuck still treasures it. But he’s even more grateful for the daily
investment his parents made in building his faith by teaching him
about God and the Scriptures.

Deuteronomy 11 talks about the importance of taking every opportunity
to share the words of Scripture with children: “Teach them to your
children, talking about them when you sit at home and when you walk
along the road, when you lie down and when you get up” (v. 19).

For Chuck, the eternal values planted when he was a boy bloomed into a
lifetime of service for his Savior. With God’s enablement, who knows
how much our investment in someone’s spiritual growth will yield.

By:  Cindy Hess Kasper

Reflect & Pray

Who invested in your spiritual life as you were growing up? How can
you direct children’s hearts to the wisdom found in Scripture?

Father, help me take time to read the Bible and share it with others.
Download these seven devotionals from Our Daily Bread for Kids at
go.odb.org/ODBforKids-7.
