https://odb.org/2020/12/31/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Fireworks of Life

He himself is our peace.
Ephesians 2:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ephesians 2:12–18

On New Year’s Eve, when high-powered fireworks detonate across cities
and towns worldwide, the noise is loud on purpose. By their nature,
say manufacturers, flashy fireworks are meant to split the atmosphere,
literally. “Repeater” blasts can sound the loudest, especially when
exploded near the ground.

Troubles, too, can boom through our hearts, minds, and homes. The
“fireworks” of life—family struggles, relationship problems, work
challenges, financial strain, even church division—can feel like
explosions, rattling our emotional atmosphere.

Yet we know the One who lifts us over this uproar. Christ Himself “is
our peace,” Paul wrote in Ephesians 2:14. When we abide in His
presence, His peace is greater than any disruption, quieting the noise
of any worry, hurt, or disunity.

This would have been powerful assurance to Jews and gentiles alike.
They’d once lived “without hope and without God in the world” (v. 12).
Now they faced threats of persecution and internal threats of
division. But in Christ, they’d been brought near to Him, and
consequently to each other, by His blood. “For he himself is our
peace, who has made the two groups one and has destroyed the barrier,
the dividing wall of hostility” (v. 14).

As we start a new year, with threats of unrest and division ever
rumbling on the horizon, let’s turn from life’s noisy trials to seek
our ever-present Peace. He quiets the booms, healing us.

By:  Patricia Raybon

Reflect & Pray

What “fireworks” are shattering the calm in your life? When you give
them to God in prayer, what peace do you feel?

Comforting God, when life’s fireworks shock and unsettle me, draw
me to Your peace.
