https://odb.org/2018/08/26/unfrozen/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=
feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Unfrozen

When Cephas came to Antioch, I opposed him to his face.
Galatians 2:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: Galatians 2:11–16

At a roundtable discussion about reconciliation, one participant
wisely said, “Don’t freeze people in time.” He observed how we tend to
remember mistakes people make and never grant them the opportunity to
change.

There are so many moments in Peter’s life when God could have “frozen”
him in time. But He never did. Peter—the impulsive
disciple—“corrected” Jesus, earning a sharp rebuke from the Lord
(Matthew 16:21–23). He famously denied Christ (John 18:15–27), only to
be restored later (21:15–19). And he once contributed to racial
divisions within the church.

The issue arose when Peter (also called Cephas) had separated himself
from the Gentiles (Galatians 2:11–12). Only recently he associated
freely with them. But some Jews arrived who insisted that circumcision
was required for believers in Christ, so Peter began avoiding the
uncircumcised Gentiles. This marked a dangerous return to the law of
Moses. Paul called Peter’s behavior “hypocrisy” (v. 13). Because of
Paul’s bold confrontation, the issue was resolved. Peter went on to
serve God in the beautiful spirit of unity He intends for us.

No one needs to remain frozen in their worst moments. In God’s grace
we can embrace each other, learn from each other, confront each other
when it’s necessary, and grow together in His love.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Lord, draw us close to You today, so that we may also be closer to
each other. Protect Your church’s unity. Give us understanding where
there is distrust. Heal us where we are divided.

If we confront someone, we should have one goal in mind: restoration,
not embarrassment. Chuck Swindoll
