https://odb.org/2017/07/23/uncredited/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_mediu
m=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Didn’t Get Credit?

Let your light shine before others, that they may see your good deeds
and glorify your Father in heaven.
Matthew 5:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: Colossians 4:7–18

Hollywood musicals were wildly popular during the 1950s and 1960s, and
three actresses in particular—Audrey Hepburn, Natalie Wood, and
Deborah Kerr—thrilled viewers with their compelling performances. But
a huge part of the appeal of these actresses was the breathtaking
singing that enhanced their acting. In fact, the classic films’
successes were actually due in large part to Marni Nixon, who dubbed
the voices for each of those leading ladies and who for a long time
went completely uncredited for her vital contribution.

In the body of Christ there are often people that faithfully support
others who take a more public role. The apostle Paul depended on
exactly that kind of person in his ministry. Tertius’s work as a
scribe gave Paul his powerful written voice (Rom. 16:22). Epaphras’s
consistent behind-the-scene prayers were an essential foundation for
Paul and the early church (Col. 4:12–13). Lydia generously opened her
home when the weary apostle needed restoration (Acts 16:15). Paul’s
work could not have been possible without the support he received from
these fellow servants in Christ (vv. 7–18).

We may not always have highly visible roles, yet we know that God is
pleased when we obediently play our essential part in His plan. When
we “give [ourselves] fully to the work of the Lord” (1 Cor. 15:58), we
will find value and meaning in our service as it brings glory to God
and draws others to Him (Matt. 5:16).

By:  Cindy Hess Kasper

Reflect & Pray

Lord, help me to obediently do my part in the role You have chosen for
me.

The secret of true service is absolute faithfulness wherever God
places you.
