https://odb.org/2020/04/24/divinely-aligned/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Divinely Aligned

Oh, the depth of the riches of the wisdom and knowledge of God! How
unsearchable his judgments, and his paths beyond tracing out!
Romans 11:33

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 11:33–36

I was deeply troubled and woke in the night to pace the floor and
pray. Frankly, my attitude was not one of prayerful submission to God,
but one of questioning and anger. Finding no release, I sat and stared
out a large window at the night sky. I was unexpectedly drawn to focus
on Orion’s Belt—those three perfectly arranged stars often visible on
clear nights. I knew just enough about astronomy to understand that
those three stars were hundreds of light years apart.

I realized the closer I could be to those stars, the less they would
appear to be aligned. Yet from my distant perspective, they looked
carefully configured in the heavens. At that moment, I realized I was
too close to my life to see what God sees. In His big picture,
everything is in perfect alignment.

The apostle Paul, as he completes a summary of the ultimate purposes
of God, breaks into a hymn of praise (Romans 11:33–36). His words lift
our gaze to our sovereign God, whose ways are beyond our limited
ability to understand or trace (v. 33). Yet the One who holds all
things together in the heavens and on earth is intimately and lovingly
involved with every detail of our lives (Matthew 6:25–34; Colossians
1:16).

Even when things seem confusing, God’s divine plans are unfolding for
our good and for God’s honor and glory.

By:  Evan Morgan

Reflect & Pray

What questions do you long for God to answer? How can you find rest
and release through faith that His perspective of our lives is in
perfect alignment with His ultimate purposes?

Dear God, remind me that Your purposes and plans for my life are
beyond my understanding, and help me rest in You.
