http://odb.org/2014/07/30/family-trademarks/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Family Trademarks

Beloved, let us love one another, for love is of God; and everyone who
loves is born of God and knows God. —
1 John 4:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 John 4:7-16

The Aran Islands, off the west coast of Ireland, are known for their
beautiful sweaters. Patterns are woven into the fabric using sheep’s
wool to craft the garments. Many of them relate to the culture and
folklore of these small islands, but some are more personal. Each
family on the islands has its own trademark pattern, which is so
distinctive that if a fisherman were to drown it is said that he could
be identified simply by examining his sweater for the family
trademark.

In John’s first letter, the apostle describes things that are to be
trademarks of those who are members of God’s family. In 1 John 3:1,
John affirms that we are indeed part of God’s family by saying,
“Behold what manner of love the Father has bestowed on us, that we
should be called children of God!” He then describes the trademarks of
those who are the children of God, including, “Beloved, let us love
one another, for love is of God; and everyone who loves is born of God
and knows God” (4:7).

Because “love is of God,” the chief way to reflect the heart of the
Father is by displaying the love that characterizes Him. May we allow
His love to reach out to others through us—for love is one of our
family trademarks.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Father, teach me to love with the love of Christ that others might see
Your love reflected in my care and concern for them. May Your love
drive and dominate my responses to life and to others.

Love is the family resemblance the world should see in followers of
Christ.
