http://odb.org/2014/05/04/tears-of-gratitude/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Tears Of Gratitude

You proclaim the Lord’s death till He comes. —
1 Corinthians 11:26

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Corinthians 11:23-32

At a communion service my wife and I attended, the congregation was
invited to come forward to receive the bread and cup from one of the
pastors or elders. They told each one personally of Jesus’ sacrifice
for him or her. It was an especially moving experience during what can
often become just routine. After we returned to our seats, I watched
as others slowly and quietly filed past. It was striking to see how
many had tears in their eyes. For me, and for others I talked with
later, they were tears of gratitude.

The reason for tears of gratitude is seen in the reason for the
communion table itself. Paul, after instructing the church at Corinth
about the meaning of the memorial supper, punctuated his comments with
these powerful words: “For as often as you eat this bread and drink
this cup, you proclaim the Lord’s death till He comes” (1 Cor. 11:26).
With the elements of communion pointing directly to the cross and the
sacrifice of Christ on our behalf, that service was about so much more
than ritual—it was about Christ. His love. His sacrifice. His cross.
For us.

How inadequate words are to convey the extraordinary worth of Christ!
Sometimes tears of gratitude speak what words can’t fully express.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Were the whole realm of nature mine, That were a present far too
small; Love so amazing, so divine, Demands my soul, my life, my all.
—Watts

The love Christ showed for us on the cross is greater than words could
ever express.
