https://odb.org/2019/02/24/quiet-awe/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium
=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Quiet Awe

How many are your works, Lord! In wisdom you made them all; the earth
is full of your creatures.
Psalm 104:24

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 104:10–24

My life often feels frenzied and hectic. I hurry from one appointment
to the next, returning phone calls and checking items off my seemingly
infinite to-do list while on my way. Out of sheer exhaustion one
Sunday, I collapsed into the hammock in our backyard. My phone was
inside, as were my children and husband. At first I planned to sit for
just a moment or two, but in the undistracted stillness, I began to
notice things that invited me to linger longer. I could hear the creak
of the hammock swinging gently, the buzz of a bee in the nearby
lavender, and the flap of a bird’s wings overhead. The sky was a
brilliant blue, and the clouds moved on the wind.

I found myself moved to tears in response to all God had made. When I
slowed long enough to take in the many wonderful things within my
eyesight and earshot, I was stirred to worship in gratitude for God’s
creative power. The writer of Psalm 104 was equally humbled by the
work of God’s hands, noting “you fill the earth with the fruit of your
labor” (v. 13 nlt ).

In the midst of a harried life, a quiet moment can remind us of God’s
creative might! He surrounds us with evidence of His power and
tenderness; He made both the high mountains and branches for birds.
“In wisdom [He] made them all” (v. 24).

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

Lord, Your creation amazes me. You made all things through Your
limitless power, inviting us to enjoy the beauty You’ve surrounded us
with. Help me to notice Your works and worship You in quiet moments.

We are surrounded by God’s creative power.
