https://odb.org/2021/01/16/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Mighty

[Goliath] looked David over and saw that he was little more than a
boy.
1 Samuel 17:42

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Samuel 17:32, 41–47

Baby Saybie, born as a “micro-preemie” at 23 weeks, weighed only 8.6
ounces. Doctors doubted Saybie would live and told her parents they’d
likely have only an hour with their daughter. However, Saybie kept
fighting. A pink card near her crib declared “Tiny but Mighty.” After
five months in the hospital, Saybie miraculously went home as a
healthy five-pound baby. And she took a world record with her: the
world’s tiniest surviving baby.

It’s powerful to hear stories of those who beat the odds. The Bible
tells one of these stories. David, a shepherd boy, volunteered to
fight Goliath—a mammoth warrior who defamed God and threatened Israel.
King Saul thought David was ridiculous: “You are not able to go out
against this Philistine and fight him; you are only a young man, and
he has been a warrior from his youth” (1 Samuel 17:33). And when the
boy David stepped onto the battlefield, Goliath “looked David over and
saw that he was little more than a boy” (v. 42). However, David didn’t
step into battle alone. He came “in the name of the Lord Almighty, the
God of the armies of Israel” (v. 45). And when the day was done, a
victorious David stood above a dead Goliath.

No matter how enormous the problem, when God is with us there’s
nothing that we need to fear. With His strength, we’re also mighty.

By:  Winn Collier

Reflect & Pray

When do you feel small and insignificant? How can you see God present
with you and strengthening you despite insurmountable odds?

God, I feel tiny today. Left to myself, there’s no way forward. But I
trust You to be with me and guide me. I’m trusting in Your strength.
