https://odb.org/2017/03/17/after-you/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium
=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

After You

Is not the whole land before you? Let’s part company. If you go to the
left, I’ll go to the right; if you go to the right, I’ll go to the
left.
Genesis 13:9

Today's Scripture: Genesis 13:1–18

In some cultures a younger person is expected to permit his elder to
enter a room first. In others, the most important or highest ranking
individual enters first. No matter what our traditions, there are
times when we find it difficult to allow someone to choose first on
important matters, especially when that privilege rightfully belongs
to us.

Abram (later called Abraham) and his nephew Lot had so many flocks,
herds, and tents that the land could not support both of them as they
traveled together. To avoid conflict, Abram suggested they part
company and generously gave Lot first choice of the land. His nephew
took the fertile Jordan Valley, leaving Abram with the less desirable
land.

Abram did not insist on his rights as the elder in this situation but
trusted his future to God. “So Abram said to Lot, ‘Let’s not have any
quarreling between you and me . . . . Is not the whole land before
you? Let’s part company. If you go to the left, I’ll go to the right;
if you go to the right, I’ll go to the left’ ” (Gen. 13:8–9). Lot’s
choice eventually led to dire consequences for his entire family (see
Gen. 19).

Today, as we face choices of many kinds, we can trust our Father to
guide us in His way. He has promised to care for us. He will always
give us what we need.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Father, Your unfailing love and faithfulness guide us in every choice
we make. May our lives speak well of You and honor You today.

God always gives His best to those who leave the choice with Him.  Jim
Elliot
