https://odb.org/2020/12/03/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Privilege of Prayer

Give my son Solomon the wholehearted devotion to keep your commands,
statutes and decrees.
1 Chronicles 29:19

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Chronicles 29:11–19

Country artist Chris Stapleton’s deeply personal song, “Daddy Doesn’t
Pray Anymore,” was inspired by his own father’s prayers for him. The
poignant lyrics reveal the reason his father’s prayers ended: not
disillusionment or weariness, but his own death. Stapleton imagines
that now, instead of speaking with Jesus in prayer, his dad is walking
and talking face-to-face with Jesus.

Stapleton’s recollection of his father’s prayers for him brings to
mind a biblical father’s prayer for his son. As King David’s life
ebbed away, he made preparations for his son Solomon to take over as
the next king of Israel.

After assembling the nation together to anoint Solomon, David led the
people in prayer, as he’d done many times before. As David recounted
God’s faithfulness to Israel, he prayed for the people to remain loyal
to Him. Then he included a personal prayer specifically for his son,
asking God to “give my son Solomon the wholehearted devotion to keep
your commands, statutes and decrees” (1 Chronicles 29:19).

We too have the remarkable privilege to faithfully pray for the people
God has placed in our lives. Our example of faithfulness can make an
indelible impact that will remain even after we’re gone. Just as God
continued to work out the answers to David’s prayers for Solomon and
Israel after he was gone, so too the impact of our prayers outlives
us.

By:  Lisa M. Samra

Reflect & Pray

How have someone’s prayers made a significant impact on your life? How
might you encourage others with your prayers?

Heavenly Father, I bring my loved ones before You and ask that You
would work out Your plans in their lives. Read Talking with My Father:
Jesus Teaches on Prayer at DiscoverySeries.org/HP171.
