https://odb.org/2020/04/27/through-the-waters/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Through the Waters

When you pass through the waters, I will be with you.
Isaiah 43:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 43:1–7

The movie The Free State of Jones tells the US Civil War story of
Newton Knight and some Confederate deserters and slaves who aided the
Union Army and then resisted slaveholders after the war. Many herald
Knight as the hero, but two slaves first saved his life after his
desertion. They carried him deep into a secluded swampland and tended
a leg wound he suffered while fleeing Confederate forces. If they’d
abandoned him, he would have died.

The people of Judah were wounded and desperate, facing enemies and
feeling helpless. Israel had been overtaken by Assyria, and Isaiah
prophesied that one day they (Judah) would also be overcome by an
enemy—Babylonia. Judah needed a God who would help, who would rescue
and not forsake them. Imagine, then, the surging hope when the people
heard God’s assurance: “Do not be afraid, for I am with you” (Isaiah
43:5). Whatever calamity they faced or trouble they would endure,
He would be with them. He would “pass through the waters” with them,
leading them to safety (v. 2). He would “walk through the fire” with
them, helping them through the scorching flames (v. 2).

Throughout Scripture, God promises to be with His people, to care for
us, guide us, and never abandon us—whether in life or death. Even when
you find yourself in difficult places, God is with you. He’ll help you
pass through the waters.

By:  Winn Collier

Reflect & Pray

What deep waters are you facing? How does God’s promise to pass
through them with you strengthen your heart today?

God, the water is deep, and I don’t see how I’m going to make it
through. Thank You for promising to be with me and to carry me
through!
