http://odb.org/2012/02/20/the-remedy-for-fear/

The Remedy For Fear

I sought the Lord, and He heard me, and delivered me from all my
fears. —
Psalm 34:4

Today's Scripture: Psalm 34:1-10

In his first inaugural speech in 1933, Franklin D. Roosevelt, the
newly elected president of the US, addressed a nation that was still
reeling from the Great Depression. Hoping to ignite a more optimistic
outlook regarding that economic crisis, he declared, “The only thing
we have to fear is fear itself!”

Fear often shows up in our lives when we are at risk of losing
something—our wealth, health, reputation, position, safety, family,
friends. It reveals our innate desire to protect the things in life
that are important to us, rather than fully entrusting them to God’s
care and control. When fear takes over, it cripples us emotionally and
saps us spiritually. We’re afraid to tell others about Christ, to
extend our lives and resources for the benefit of others, or to
venture into new territory. A fearful spirit is more vulnerable to the
enemy, who tempts us to compromise biblical convictions and to take
matters into our own hands.

The remedy for fear, of course, is trust in our Creator. Only when we
trust the reality of God’s presence, power, protection, and provision
for our lives can we share the joy of the psalmist, who said, “I
sought the Lord, and He heard me, and delivered me from all my fears”
(Ps. 34:4).

By:  Joe Stowell

Reflect & Pray

Day by day and with each passing moment, Strength I find to meet my
trials here; Trusting in my Father’s wise bestowment, I’ve no cause
for worry or for fear. —Berg

Trust in the Lord is the cure for a fearful spirit.
