http://odb.org/2015/03/22/the-family-of-faith/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Family Of Faith

You had become dear to us. —
1 Thessalonians 2:8

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Thessalonians 2:6-14

During the 1980s, a singles’ class at our church became a close-knit
family for many people who had lost a spouse through divorce or death.
When someone needed to move, class members packed boxes, carried
furniture, and provided food. Birthdays and holidays were no longer
solitary events as faith and friendship merged into an ongoing
relationship of encouragement. Many of those bonds forged during
adversity three decades ago continue to flourish and sustain
individuals and families today.

Paul’s letter to the followers of Jesus in Thessalonica paints a
picture of life-giving relationships in God’s family. “We were gentle
among you, just as a nursing mother cherishes her own children” (1
Thess. 2:7). “For you remember, [brothers and sisters], our labor and
toil . . . that we might not be a burden to any of you” (v.9). “We
exhorted, and comforted, and charged every one of you, as a father
does his own children” (v.11). Like mothers, fathers, brothers, and
sisters, Paul and his associates shared the gospel and their lives
with these fellow believers who “had become dear” to them (v.8).

In God’s family of faith, He provides mothers, fathers, sisters, and
brothers for us. The Lord gives His joy as we share our lives together
in His grace and love.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Father, You’ve called us to serve one another. Give me a heart willing
to accept the care of others. May I ask for help when I am in need and
respond with a heart of grace to others when they ask me for help.

God loves you and me; let’s love one another.
