https://odb.org/2017/12/25/traditions-and-christmas/?utm_source=feedbu
rner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Brea
d%29

Traditions and Christmas

I bring you good news that will cause great joy . . . a Savior has
been born to you.
Luke 2:10–11

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 2:1–10

As you savor a candy cane this Christmas, say “danke schön” to the
Germans, for that confectionary treat was first created in Cologne. As
you admire your poinsettia, say “gracias” to Mexico, where the plant
originated. Say “merci beaucoup” to the French for the term noel, and
give a “cheers” to the English for your mistletoe.

But as we enjoy our traditions and festivities of the Christmas
season—customs that have been collected from around the world—let’s
save our most sincere and heartfelt “thank you” for our good,
merciful, and loving God. From Him came the reason for our Christmas
celebration: the baby born in that Judean manger more than 2,000 years
ago. An angel announced the arrival of this gift to mankind by saying,
“I bring you good news that will cause great joy . . . a Savior has
been born to you” (Luke 2:10–11).

This Christmas, even in the light of the sparkling Christmas tree and
surrounded by newly opened presents, the true excitement comes when we
turn our attention to the baby named Jesus, who came to “save his
people from their sins” (Matt. 1:21). His birth transcends tradition:
It is our central focus as we send praises to God for this
indescribable Christmas gift.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

Lord, we thank You for coming to join us on that first Christmas.
During a time of the year filled with many traditions, help us to keep
You first.

May the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace as you trust in
him. Romans 15:13
