http://odb.org/2013/01/26/story-time/

Story Time

You are an epistle of Christ . . . written not with ink but by the
Spirit of the living God, not on tablets of stone but on tablets of
flesh, that is, of the heart. —
2 Corinthians 3:3

Today's Scripture: 2 Corinthians 3:1-11

As a child, I loved it when my mom read to me. I would sit on her lap
and listen to every word. As she read, I examined the details of every
picture and waited eagerly to hear what was on the next page.

Have you ever thought about the idea that our lives tell a story? In
every situation—good, bad, or indifferent—people around us are
watching and listening to the story we are telling. Our story is
communicated not only through our words but also through our attitudes
and actions as we respond to life’s buffetings and blessings. Our
children and grand-children, spouses, neighbors, and co-workers can
all observe the story we’re telling.

Paul reminds us that as followers of Jesus, our lives are like letters
“known and read by all men; . . . an epistle of Christ . . . written
not with ink but by the Spirit of the living God” (2 Cor. 3:2-3).

What is the story that those around us are reading through the letter
of our lives? Stories of forgiveness? Compassion? Generosity?
Patience? Love?

If you’ve experienced the joy of a grace-filled life that comes from
the Spirit of God in you, then welcome to the joy of being one of
God’s great storytellers!

By:  Joe Stowell

Reflect & Pray

Dear Lord, we love You. We want our lives to tell the story of Your
goodness and grace. May we be a bold witness of You. Use us in ways we
never thought possible.

Let your life tell the story of Christ’s love and mercy to the world
around you.
