https://odb.org/2021/01/17/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Wonderful One

There before me was a throne in heaven with someone sitting on it.
Revelation 4:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: Revelation 4:4–11

In The Wonderful Wizard of Oz, Dorothy, the Scarecrow, the Tin Man,
and the Cowardly Lion return to Oz with the broomstick that empowered
the Wicked Witch of the West. The Wizard had promised, in return for
the broomstick, that he would give the four their deepest desires: a
ride home for Dorothy, a brain for the Scarecrow, a heart for the Tin
Man, and courage for the Cowardly Lion. But the Wizard stalls and
tells them to come back the next day.

While they plead with the Wizard, Dorothy’s dog Toto pulls back the
curtain, behind which the Wizard spoke, to reveal that the Wizard
isn’t a wizard at all, he’s just a fearful, fidgety man from Nebraska.

It’s said that the author, L. Frank Baum, had a serious problem with
God, so he wanted to send the message that only we have the power to
solve our problems.

In contrast, the apostle John pulls back the veil to reveal the truly
Wonderful One behind the “curtain.” Words fail John (note the repeated
use of the preposition like in the passage), but the point is well
made: God is seated on His throne, surrounded by a sea of glass
(Revelation 4:2, 6). Despite the troubles that plague us here on earth
(chs. 2–3), God isn’t pacing the floor and biting His nails. He’s
actively at work for our good, so we can experience His peace.

By:  David H. Roper

Reflect & Pray

What do you fear today? How does it help you to know that God controls
the troubles that surround you? How can you better trust and surrender
to Him?

I’m grateful, God, that I can count on You to walk with me through
everything. Thank You for Your peace.
