https://odb.org/2020/03/17/before-you-even-ask/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Before You Even Ask

Before they call I will answer; while they are still speaking I will
hear.
Isaiah 65:24

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 65:17–25

My friends Robert and Colleen have experienced a healthy marriage for
decades, and I love watching them interact. One will pass the butter
to the other at dinner before being asked for it. The other will
refill a glass at the perfect moment. When they tell stories, they
finish each other’s sentences. Sometimes it seems they can read each
other’s mind.

It’s comforting that God knows and cares for us even more than any
person we know and love. When the prophet Isaiah describes the
relationship between God and His people in the coming kingdom, he
describes a tender, intimate relationship. God says about His people,
“Before they call I will answer; while they are still speaking I will
hear” (Isaiah 65:24).

But how can this be true? There are things I’ve prayed about for years
without receiving a response. I believe that as we grow in intimacy
with God, aligning our hearts with His, we can learn to trust in
His timing and care. We can begin to desire what God desires. When we
pray, we ask for—among other things—the things that are part of God’s
kingdom as described in Isaiah 65: An end to sorrow (v. 19). Safe
homes and full bellies and meaningful work for all people (vv. 21–23).
Peace in the natural world (v. 25). When God’s kingdom comes in its
fullness, God will answer these prayers completely.

By:  Amy Peterson

Reflect & Pray

How might you participate in bringing God’s kingdom to earth? What
will you ask God for today?

God, thank You for always hearing my prayers. I trust that You love me
and are working all things together for good for those whom You’ve
called. Please transform my desires so that I want what You want.
