http://odb.org/2013/09/05/almost-content/

Almost Content?

Be content with such things as you have. For He Himself has said, “I
will never leave you nor forsake you.” —
Hebrews 13:5

Today's Scripture: 1 Timothy 6:6-12

As I stepped into the restaurant parking lot after lunch, I saw a
pickup truck speeding through the parked vehicles. While observing the
driver’s reckless behavior, I noticed the words on the truck’s front
license plate. It read, “Almost Content.” After thinking about that
message and the sentiment it tried to communicate, I concluded that
the concept “almost content” doesn’t exist. Either we are content or
we are not.

Admittedly, contentment is a tough needle to thread. We live in a
world that feeds our desire for more and more—until we find it almost
impossible to be content with anything. But this is nothing new. The
book of Hebrews addressed this issue, saying, “Let your conduct be
without covetousness; be content with such things as you have. For He
Himself has said, ‘I will never leave you nor forsake you’” (13:5).
The only remedy for hearts that “want it all” is the contentment found
in the presence of the living God. He is sufficient for our needs and
longings, and He alone can bring us the peace and contentment we’ll
never find in the pursuits of this life.

Almost content? There is no such thing. In Christ we can know true
contentment.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

I find contentment in His wondrous grace, No cloud or shadow can
obscure His face; When great temptations I must bear, I find the
secret place of prayer. —Dunlop

Contentment is not getting what we want but being satisfied with what
we have.
