http://odb.org/2016/09/21/fiery-trials/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Fiery Trials

Consider it pure joy, my brothers and sisters, whenever you face
trials of many kinds.
James 1:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: James 1:2–12

Fire can be one of the worst enemies of trees. But it can also be
helpful. Experts say that small, frequent fires called “cool” fires
clean the forest floor of dead leaves and branches but don’t destroy
the trees. They leave behind ashes, which are perfect for seeds to
grow in. Surprisingly, low-intensity fires are necessary for healthy
growth of trees.

Similarly, trials—pictured as fire in the Bible—are necessary for our
spiritual health and growth (1 Peter 1:7; 4:12). James wrote,
“Consider it pure joy, my brothers and sisters, whenever you face
trials of many kinds, because you know that the testing of your faith
produces perseverance. Let perseverance finish its work so that you
may be mature and complete, not lacking anything” (James 1:2–4).

It is in the season of trial that God’s purposes are often realized,
for there the conditions are right for us to grow into spiritual
maturity. This growth not only equips us for living, but it also
enables us to more accurately reflect Jesus to a world that
desperately needs Him.

In the hands of our Father, our trials can achieve His purposes for
our good and for His honor. They can shape us into the likeness of His
Son.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Father, teach me to trust You for the strength to endure difficulties
and the faith to wait for Your good purposes to be accomplished in me.
Encourage others! Go to odb.org and share what God taught you through
a challenging time.

Faith is seeing God in the dark and in the light.
