http://odb.org/2013/07/17/what-we-talk-about/

What We Talk About

Let the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart be acceptable
in Your sight, O Lord. —
Psalm 19:14

Today's Scripture: Psalm 19

Perhaps you are familiar with the saying, “Great minds discuss ideas;
average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.” Admittedly,
there are ways to speak of people that can honor them. But this saying
highlights our darker experiences. In a world of ever-present
media—social and professional—we are continually confronted with
people’s lives at a level of intimacy that can be inappropriate.

Worse, this tidal wave of personal information about others could
become grist for our conversational mills to the point that gossip
becomes the norm—and not just about the rich and famous. People in our
workplaces, churches, neighborhoods, and families can also be targets
of sharp tongues and feel the pain of discussions that never should
have happened.

How can we escape our inclination to use words to hurt others? By
recognizing that the ultimate Hearer of our words is God, who longs
for us to be better than that. With the psalmist, we can pray, “Let
the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart be acceptable in
Your sight, O Lord” (Ps. 19:14). When we seek to please God with our
conversations about others, we honor Him. With His help, we can
glorify Him through what we talk about.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Forgive me, Father, for the times my speech crosses the line of that
which is appropriate. Help me to understand the power of words, and
give me the wisdom to use them well.

It is better to bite your tongue than to make a biting remark.
