http://odb.org/2013/02/10/greek-fire/

Greek Fire

The tongue is a fire, a world of iniquity. The tongue is so set among
our members that it defiles the whole body, and sets on fire the
course of nature; and it is set on fire by hell. —
James 3:6

Today's Scripture: James 3:1-12

Greek fire was a chemical solution that was used in ancient warfare by
the Byzantine Empire against its enemies. According to one online
source, it was developed around ad 672 and was used with devastating
effect, especially in sea warfare because it could burn on water. What
was Greek fire? Its actual chemical composition remains a mystery. It
was such a valuable military weapon that the formula was kept an
absolute secret—and was lost to the ravages of history. Today,
researchers continue to try to replicate that ancient formula, but
without success.

One source of catastrophic destruction among believers in Christ,
however, is not a mystery. James tells us that the source of ruin in
our relationships is often a very different kind of fire. He wrote,
“The tongue is a fire, a world of iniquity. The tongue is so set among
our members that it defiles the whole body” (James 3:6). Those strong
words remind us how damaging unguarded words can be to those around
us.

Instead of creating the kind of verbal “Greek fire” that can destroy
relationships, families, and churches, let’s yield our tongue to the
Holy Spirit’s control and allow our words to glorify the Lord.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

It seems, Father, that sometimes we are our own worst enemies. Forgive
us for speaking destructively to fellow Christians, and teach us to
use wise words that can encourage and build their walk with You.

To bridle your tongue, give God the reins of your heart.
