https://odb.org/2021/04/24/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Better with God

Wisdom and power are his.
Daniel 2:20

Today's Scripture & Insight: Daniel 1:11–16; 2:19–20

On her college volleyball team, my granddaughter learned a winning
principle. When the ball came her way, no matter what, she could
“better the ball.” She could make a play that left her teammates in a
better situation—without throwing tantrums, blaming, or making
excuses. Always make the situation better.

That was Daniel’s response when he and three Hebrew friends were taken
into captivity by Babylon’s king Nebuchadnezzar. Although they were
given pagan names and ordered to take three years of “training” in the
enemy’s palace, Daniel didn’t rage. Instead, he asked permission not
to defile himself in God’s sight by eating the king’s rich food and
wine. As this intriguing Bible story shows, after consuming nothing
but vegetables and water for ten days (Daniel 1:12), Daniel and his
friends “looked healthier and better nourished than any of the young
men who ate the royal food” (v. 15).

Another time, Nebuchadnezzar threatened to kill Daniel and all palace
wise men if they couldn’t repeat the king’s disturbing dream and
interpret it. Again, Daniel didn’t panic, but sought mercy “from the
God of heaven,” and the mystery was revealed to him in a vision
(2:19). As Daniel declared of God, “wisdom and power are his” (v. 20).
Throughout his captivity, Daniel sought God’s best despite the
conflicts he faced. In our own troubles, may we follow that example,
making the situation better by taking it to God.

By:  Patricia Raybon

Reflect & Pray

What battles are you facing now? As you turn from those troubles and
seek God, how does He make your journey better?

Loving God, life’s challenges feel overwhelming today. As I turn to
You, inspire me to shed my despair to journey better with You.
