http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/odb/feed/~3/_AU-nqvvLU4/

Unexpected Grace

In a vision, he has seen a man named Ananias come and place his hands
on him to restore his sight.
Acts 9:12

Today's Scripture: Acts 9:1–19

It was an early Saturday morning in my sophomore year of high school,
and I was eager to get to my job at the local bowling lanes. The
evening before, I had stayed late to mop the muddy tile floors because
the janitor called in sick. I hadn’t bothered to tell the boss about
the janitor so I could surprise him. After all, What could go wrong? I
thought.

Plenty, as it turns out.

Stepping in the door, I saw inches of standing water, with bowling
pins, rolls of toilet paper, and boxes of paper scoresheets bobbing on
top. Then I realized what I had done: While doing the floors, I had
left a large faucet running overnight! Incredibly, my boss greeted me
with a huge hug and a big smile—“for trying,” he said.

Saul was actively punishing and harassing Christians (Acts 9:1–2) when
he came face to face with Jesus on the road to Damascus (vv. 3–4).
Jesus confronted the soon-to-be-called apostle Paul with his sinful
actions. Blinded by the experience, Saul/Paul would need a
Christian—Ananias—to restore his sight to him in an act of courage and
grace (v. 17).

Both Saul and I received unexpected grace.

Most people know they’re messed up. Instead of lectures, they need a
hope for redemption. Stern faces or sharp words can block their view
of that hope. Like Ananias, or even my boss, followers of Jesus must
become the face of grace in these life-changing encounters with
others.

By:  Randy Kilgore

This article may not have a prayer section.




