http://odb.org/2017/01/26/all-too-human/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

All Too Human

The trouble is with me, for I am all too human.
Romans 7:14 NLT

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 7:14–25

British writer Evelyn Waugh wielded his words in a way that
accentuated his character flaws. Eventually the novelist converted to
Christianity, yet he still struggled. One day a woman asked him, “Mr.
Waugh, how can you behave as you do and still call yourself a
Christian?” He replied, “Madam, I may be as bad as you say. But
believe me, were it not for my religion, I would scarcely be a human
being.”

Waugh was waging the internal battle the apostle Paul describes: “I
want to do what is right, but I can’t” (Rom. 7:18 nlt). He also says,
“The trouble is not with the law . . . [It] is with me, for I am all
too human” (v. 14 nlt). He further explains, “In my inner being I
delight in God’s law; but I see another law at work in me . . . . Who
will rescue me from this body that is subject to death?” (vv. 22–24).
And then the exultant answer: “Thanks be to God, who delivers me
through Jesus Christ our Lord!” (v. 25).

When we come in faith to Christ, admitting our wrongdoing and need of
a Savior, we immediately become a new creation. But our spiritual
formation remains a lifelong journey. As John the disciple observed:
“Now we are children of God, and what we will be has not yet been made
known. But . . . when Christ appears, we shall be like him, for we
shall see him as he is” (1 John 3:2).



By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Father, we bring our struggles to You because You know all about them,
yet You love us anyway. Teach us to rely on Your Holy Spirit. Make us
more like Your Son each day.

To be a Christian means to forgive the inexcusable, because God has
forgiven the inexcusable in you. C. S. Lewis
