http://odb.org/2011/03/19/suit-up/

Suit Up

Take up the whole armor of God, that you may be able to withstand in
the evil day, and having done all, to stand. —
Ephesians 6:13

Today's Scripture: Ephesians 6:13-21

When I played American football as a kid, one thing that took some
getting used to was all the equipment we had to wear. Running
effectively in a helmet, shoulder pads, and a variety of other
protective items can feel awkward and clumsy at first. But over time
the protective gear becomes like a familiar friend that provides
welcome protection against serious injury. When a football player
suits up, he knows that his equipment is designed to protect him in
battle against a dangerous opponent.

As followers of Christ, we also face a dangerous foe—a spiritual enemy
who seeks our downfall and destruction. Fortunately, our Lord has
provided us with protection, and He challenges us to suit up for
spiritual battle.

In Ephesians 6:13, we read, “Take up the whole armor of God, that you
may be able to withstand in the evil day, and having done all, to
stand.” Paul then describes our armor—helmet, breastplate, shield,
sword, belt, and shoes. These pieces of spiritual equipment are
effective only if we put them on and use them—even if they might feel
uncomfortable at first. Faithfulness in the Word (v.17), in prayer
(v.18), and in witness (vv.19-20) are critical to making our armor
feel like a part of us. So suit up! The battle is on!

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Be not weary, Christian warrior, Buckle on thine armor tight; Be ye
strong and face the battle In the power of His might. —Iler

God’s armor is tailor-made for you, but you must put it on.
