http://odb.org/2014/12/08/stones-cry-out/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Stones Cry Out

I tell you that if these should keep silent, the stones would
immediately cry out. —
Luke 19:40

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 19:28-40

Every year it seems that Christmas becomes more and more
commercialized. Even in nations where the majority of people call
themselves “Christian,” the season has become more about shopping than
worshiping. The pressure to buy gifts and plan elaborate parties makes
it increasingly difficult to stay focused on the real meaning of the
holiday—the birth of Jesus, God’s only Son, the Savior of the world.

But every holiday I also hear the gospel coming from surprising places
—the very places that so commercialize Christmas—shopping malls. When
I hear “Joy to the World! The Lord is come; let earth receive her
King” ringing from public address systems, I think of the words Jesus
said to the Pharisees who told Him to silence the crowds who were
praising Him. “If they keep quiet,” Jesus said, “the stones will cry
out” (Luke 19:40 niv).

At Christmas we hear stones cry out. Even people spiritually dead sing
carols written by Christians long dead, reminding us that no matter
how hard people try to squelch the real message of Christmas, they
will never succeed.

Despite the commercialism that threatens to muddle the message of
Christ’s birth, God will make His good news known as “far as the curse
is found.”

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

No more let sins and sorrows grow, Nor thorns infest the ground; He
comes to make His blessings flow Far as the curse is found. —Watts

Keeping Christ out of Christmas is as futile as holding back the
ocean’s tide.
