https://odb.org/2019/04/16/celebrating-creativity/?utm_source=feedburn
er&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%
29

Celebrating Creativity

God said, “Let the water teem with living creatures.”
Genesis 1:20

Today's Scripture & Insight: Genesis 1:1–21

A rarely seen jellyfish waltzed with the currents, four thousand feet
deep in the ocean near Baja, California. Its body shone with
fluorescent shades of blue, purple, and pink, bright against the
backdrop of black water. Elegant tentacles waved gracefully with each
pulsing of its bell-shaped hood. As I watched the amazing footage of
the Halitrephes maasi jellyfish on the National Geographic video, I
reflected on how God chose the specific design of this beautiful,
gelatinous creature. He also fashioned the other 2,000 types of
jellyfish that scientists have identified as of October 2017.

Though we acknowledge God as Creator, do we slow down long enough to
truly consider the profound truth revealed in the first chapter of the
Bible? Our amazing God brought forth light and life into the
creatively diverse world He crafted with the power of His word. He
designed “the great creatures of the sea and every living thing with
which the water teems” (Genesis 1:21). Scientists have discovered only
a fraction of the wondrous creatures the Lord created in the
beginning.

God also intentionally sculpted each person in the world, giving
purpose to every day of our lives before we drew our first breaths
(Psalm 139:13–16). As we celebrate the Lord’s creativity, we can also
rejoice over the many ways He helps us imagine and create with Him and
for His glory.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

What creative gifts has God given to you? How might you use them for
His glory?

Creator God, thank You for inviting us to appreciate Your awesome
creativity and to enjoy what You’ve given us.
