https://odb.org/2017/04/02/behind-the-scenes-5/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Behind the Scenes

Your words were heard, and I have come in response to them.
Daniel 10:12

Today's Scripture: Daniel 10:1–14

My daughter sent a text message to a friend, in hopes of having a
question answered quickly. Her phone’s messaging service showed that
the recipient had read the message, so she waited anxiously for a
reply. Mere moments passed, yet she grew frustrated, groaning her
annoyance at the delay. Irritation eroded into worry; she wondered
whether the lack of response meant there was a problem between them.
Eventually a reply came and my daughter was relieved to see their
relationship was fine. Her friend had simply been sorting out the
details needed to answer the question.

The Old Testament prophet Daniel also anxiously awaited a reply. After
receiving a frightening vision of great war, Daniel fasted and sought
God through humble prayer (10:3, 12). For three weeks, he received no
reply (vv. 2, 13). Finally, an angel arrived and assured Daniel his
prayers had been heard “since the first day.” In the meantime, the
angel had been battling on behalf of those prayers. Though Daniel
didn’t know it at first, God was at work during each of the twenty-one
days that elapsed between his first prayer and the angel’s coming.

The confidence that God hears our prayers can cause us to become
anxious when His reply doesn’t come when we want it to. We are prone
to wonder whether He cares. Yet Daniel’s experience reminds us that
God is at work on behalf of those He loves even when it isn’t obvious
to us.

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

Lord, help me to trust Your care for me even when I can’t see it. Read
more at Why Doesn't God Answer Me? discoveryseries.org/hp112.

God is always at work on behalf of His people.
