https://odb.org/2019/11/17/stuck/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=fee
d&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Easily Entangled

Throw off everything that hinders and the sin that so easily
entangles.
Hebrews 12:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: Hebrews 2:17–18; 12:1–2

Soldiers fighting in a sweltering jungle many years ago encountered a
frustrating problem. Without warning, a pervasive prickly vine would
attach itself to the soldiers’ bodies and gear, causing them to be
trapped. As they struggled to get free, even more of the plant’s
tentacles entangled them. The soldiers dubbed the weed the “wait-a-
minute” vine because, once entwined and unable to move forward, they
were forced to shout out to other members of their team, “Hey, wait a
minute, I’m stuck!”

In a similar way, it’s hard for followers of Jesus to move forward
when we’re ensnared by sin. Hebrews 12:1 tells us to “throw off
everything that hinders and the sin that so easily entangles” and “run
with perseverance.” But how do we throw off the sin weighing us down?

Jesus is the only one who can free us from pervasive sin in our lives.
May we learn to fix our eyes on Him, our Savior (12:2). Because the
Son of God became “fully human in every way,” He knows what it’s like
to be tempted—yet not sin (2:17–18; 4:15). Alone, we may be
desperately entwined by our own sin, but God wants us to overcome
temptation. It’s not through our own strength, but His, that we can
“throw off” entangling sin and run after His righteousness (1
Corinthians 10:13).

By:  Cindy Hess Kasper

Reflect & Pray

What sin or sins have a strong hold on you? What can you do to gain
freedom from the struggle you’re experiencing?

Jesus, give me Your strength to overcome the sin in my life. Help me
to trust in Your power rather than my own and lead me in the right
path.
