https://odb.org/2018/08/27/serve-continually/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Serve Continually

Has your God, whom you serve continually, been able to rescue you?
Daniel 6:20

Today's Scripture: Daniel 6:10–22

When educational psychologist Benjamin Bloom, researching how to
develop talent in young people, examined the childhoods of 120 elite
performers—athletes, artists, scholars—he found that all of them had
one thing in common: they had practiced intensively for long periods
of time.

Bloom’s research suggests that growing in any area of our lives
requires discipline. In our walk with God, too, cultivating the
spiritual discipline of regularly spending time with Him is one way we
can grow in our trust in Him.

Daniel is a good example of someone who prioritized a disciplined walk
with God. As a young person, Daniel started making careful and wise
decisions (1:8). He also was committed to praying regularly, “giving
thanks to God” (6:10). His frequent seeking of God resulted in a life
in which his faith was easily recognized by those around him. In fact,
King Darius described Daniel as a “servant of the living God” (v. 20)
and twice described him as a person who served God “continually” (vv.
16, 20).

Like Daniel, we desperately need God. How good to know that God works
in us so that we long to spend time with Him! (Philippians 2:13). So
let us come every day before God, trusting that our time with Him will
result in a love that will overflow more and more and in a growing
knowledge and understanding of our Savior (1:9–11).

By:  Keila Ochoa

Reflect & Pray

Father, I thank You for the privilege of serving You. Help me to spend
regular time with You in order to grow in my knowledge of You.

Time with God transforms us.
