http://odb.org/2016/04/18/unconventional-tactics/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

Unconventional Tactics

We do not know what to do, but our eyes are on you.
2 Chronicles 20:12

Today's Scripture: 2 Chronicles 20:1-13

In 1980, a woman hopped on a subway during the Boston Marathon. No big
deal, except for one small detail. She was supposed to be running the
marathon! Later, witnesses saw her jump into the race less than a mile
from the finish line. She finished well ahead of all the other female
runners, and oddly, she wasn’t winded or even sweating much. For a
brief time she looked like the winner.

In a conflict long ago, a people who were losing a battle found a more
honorable way to win. When messengers told King Jehoshaphat, “A vast
army is coming against you from Edom,” he was terrified (2 Chron.
20:2-3). But instead of turning to typical military tactics,
Jehoshaphat turned to God. He acknowledged God’s supremacy and
admitted his own fear and confusion. “We do not know what to do, but
our eyes are on you” (v. 12). Then the king chose singers to lead the
army into battle. Instead of a war cry, they sang of God’s love (v.
21). The result was startling. Their enemies turned on each other (vv.
22-24). In the end, “The kingdom of Jehoshaphat was at peace, for his
God had given him rest on every side” (v. 30).

Life can ambush us with overwhelming challenges. Yet our fear and
uncertainties give us the opportunity to turn to our all-powerful God.
He specializes in the unconventional.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Lord, You are not the source of confusion or fear, but of strength and
peace. We exchange our panicky plans for Your amazing answers.
Encourage us as we wait for You.

Our God is never predictable, but He is unfailingly reliable.
