http://odb.org/2016/11/05/love-in-action-2/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Love in Action

Do nothing out of selfish ambition or vain conceit. Rather, in
humility value others above yourselves.
Philippians 2:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: Philippians 1:27–2:4

“Do you have a few items you’d like me to wash?” I asked a visitor to
our home in London. His face lit up, and as his daughter walked by, he
said, “Get your dirty clothes—Amy’s doing our laundry!” I smiled,
realizing that my offer had been extended from a few items to a few
loads.

Later as I hung clothes outside on the line, a phrase from my
morning’s Bible reading floated through my mind: “In humility value
others above yourselves” (Phil. 2:3). I had been reading Paul’s letter
to the people of Philippi, in which he exhorts them to live worthy of
Christ’s calling through serving and being united with others. They
were facing persecution, but Paul wanted them to be of one mind. He
knew that their unity, birthed through their union with Christ and
expressed through serving each other, would enable them to keep strong
in their faith.

We might claim to love others without selfish ambition or vain
conceit, but the true state of our hearts isn’t revealed until we put
our love into action. Though I felt tempted to grumble, I knew that as
a follower of Christ, my call was to put my love for my friends into
practice—with a clean heart.

May we find ways to serve our family, friends, and neighbors for God’s
glory.

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

Read Luke 22:22–27 and consider how you can pattern yourself after
Jesus the servant, looking especially at the words, “But I am among
you as one who serves.”

The gift of unity can result from serving each other.
