http://odb.org/2014/05/15/slow-healing-process/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Slow Healing Process

God will wipe away every tear from their eyes. . . . There shall be no
more pain, for the former things have passed away. —
Revelation 21:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: Revelation 21:1-8

Just 4 weeks after our son Mark joined the US Army, he injured his
knee seriously in a training exercise. As a result, he was released
from the military. So, at age 19, he had to use a cane to get around
for a while; and because of the severity of the injury he endured 2
years of recovery, rest, and rehab. Finally, Mark was able to set
aside the knee braces he had worn since the accident. Although he
still experiences residual pain, the long, slow healing process has
brought him back to full use of his leg.

Physical healing is often much slower than we anticipate. This is true
of spiritual healing as well. The consequences of unwise choices or
the actions of hurtful people can create burdens or wounds that endure
for a lifetime. But for the child of God, there is hope. Although full
restoration is not always experienced in this life, the promise of
healing is sure. The apostle John wrote, “God will wipe away every
tear from their eyes; there shall be no more death, nor sorrow, nor
crying. There shall be no more pain, for the former things have passed
away” (Rev. 21:4).

In our seasons of pain, it is comforting to know that eventually, in
His awesome presence, we will be whole forever.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Father, I thank You that in all of our pains and struggles we can find
comfort in You. Help us to bring all our hurts to You—both spiritual
and physical—and to trust that You will make us whole.

When we come to Christ in our brokenness, He makes us whole.
