https://odb.org/2020/11/02/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

God Hears Everything

Let it be known today that you are God.
1 Kings 18:36

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Kings 18:25–27, 30-38

One of the longest-recorded postal delays in history lasted eighty-
nine years. In 2008 a homeowner in the UK received an invitation to a
party originally mailed in 1919 to a former resident of her address.
The note was placed in her mailbox via the Royal Mail, but the reason
behind its long delay remains a mystery.

Even the best human efforts at communication sometimes let us down,
but Scripture makes clear that God never fails to hear His faithful
people. In 1 Kings 18, Elijah demonstrated the striking contrast
between the pagan god Baal and Jehovah God. In a showdown to
demonstrate who the true God was, after Baal’s prophets had prayed for
hours, Elijah taunted them: “Shout louder! . . . Surely he is a god!
Perhaps he is deep in thought, or busy, or traveling. Maybe he is
sleeping and must be awakened” (v. 27). Then Elijah prayed for Jehovah
to answer so that His people might return to faith, and God’s power
was clearly displayed.

While our prayers may not always be answered as immediately as
Elijah’s was, we can be assured that God hears them (Psalm 34:17). The
Bible reminds us that He treasures our prayers so much that He keeps
them before Him in “golden bowls,” like precious incense (Revelation
5:8). God will answer every prayer in His own perfect wisdom and way.
There are no lost letters in heaven.

By:  James Banks

Reflect & Pray

What does it mean to you that God cares enough to listen to your
prayers? How will you thank Him for His faithfulness to hear you
today?

Father, how amazing You are to always hear my prayers! I praise You
because my prayers are precious to You.
