http://odb.org/2012/10/27/titanic-ii/

Titanic II

Cursed is the man who trusts in man and makes flesh his strength,
whose heart departs from the Lord. —
Jeremiah 17:5

Today's Scripture: Jeremiah 17:5-10

Mark Wilkinson purchased a 16-foot boat for fishing and recreation.
Apparently he was not superstitious, because he christened his boat
Titanic II after the ill-fated luxury ship that hit an iceberg and
sank in 1912. Titanic II’s maiden voyage out of a harbor in Dorset,
England, went well. But when Wilkinson headed back, the boat started
taking on water. Soon he was clinging to a rail waiting for rescue.
Wilkinson reportedly said, “It’s all a bit embarrassing, and I got
pretty fed up with people asking me if I had hit an iceberg.” This was
followed by an eyewitness who said, “It wasn’t a very big boat—I think
an ice cube could have sunk it!”

The story of Titanic II is quite ironic. But it also makes me think of
the original Titanic and the danger of misplaced trust. The ocean
liner was believed to be unsinkable and many put their trust in that.
But how wrong they were! Jeremiah reminds us: “Cursed is the man who
trusts in man and makes flesh his strength, whose heart departs from
the Lord” (Jer. 17:5).

All of us are tempted to seek security in people or things. How often
we need to be reminded to forsake these false confidences and turn
back to God. Are you putting your trust in something other than Him?

By:  Dennis Fisher

Reflect & Pray

When we put our trust in You, Lord, We’ll be like a tree that’s
growing Beside waters that are flowing, Bearing fruit and standing
strong. —Sper

Those who put their trust in God will never be disappointed.
