http://odb.org/2015/02/26/changed-perspective/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Changed Perspective

Now while Paul waited for them at Athens, his spirit was provoked
within him when he saw that the city was given over to idols. —
Acts 17:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: Acts 17:16-23

As an early riser, my wife enjoys the quiet moments before the house
wakes up and uses it to read the Bible and pray. Recently she settled
into her favorite chair, only to be confronted by a rather messy couch
left there by “someone” watching a football game the night before. The
mess distracted her at first, and her frustration with me interrupted
the warmth of the moment.

Then a thought hit her, and she moved to the couch. From there, she
could look out our front windows to the sun rising over the Atlantic
Ocean. The beauty of the scene God painted that morning changed her
perspective.

As she told me the story, we both recognized the lesson of the
morning. While we can’t always control the things of life that impact
our day, we do have a choice. We can continue to brood over the
“mess,” or we can change our perspective. When Paul was in Athens, “he
was greatly distressed to see that the city was full of idols” (Acts
17:16 niv). But when he changed his perspective, he used their
interest in religion as an opportunity to proclaim the true God, Jesus
Christ (vv.22-23).

As my wife left for work, it was time for someone else to change his
perspective—for me to let the Lord help me to see my messes through
her eyes and His.

By:  Randy Kilgore

Reflect & Pray

Dear Lord, grant us the wisdom to change our perspective rather than
linger over messes. Help us to see—and fix—the “messes” we make for
others.

Wisdom is seeing things from God’s perspective.
