https://odb.org/2018/03/27/glory-to-the-grower/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Glory to the Grower

So neither the one who plants nor the one who waters is anything, but
only God, who makes things grow.
1 Corinthians 3:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: Mark 4:26–29

One day, I noticed an unexpected splash of yellow to the right of our
driveway. Six stalks of daffodils, sandwiched between two large
stones, bloomed bright and tall. Because I hadn’t planted, fertilized,
or intentionally watered the bulbs, I couldn’t figure out how or why
the flowers had sprouted in our yard.

Jesus illustrated a mystery of spiritual growth in the parable of the
growing seed. He compares the kingdom of God to a farmer scattering
seed on the ground (Mark 4:26). The one who scattered the seed may
have done what he could to care for the soil. But Jesus said the seed
sprouted whether or not that man slept in, woke up, or even understood
the growth process (vv. 27–28). The land owner benefited from the
harvest (v. 29), though its development didn’t depend on what he did
or his understanding of the workings beneath the surface of the soil.

The maturing of the seeds in Jesus’s parable, like the blooming of my
daffodils, occurred in God’s time and because of God’s growing power.
Whether we’re considering personal spiritual growth or God’s plan to
expand the church until Jesus returns, the Lord’s mysterious ways
aren’t dependent on our abilities or understanding of His works.
Still, God invites us to know, serve, and praise the Grower, reaping
the benefits of the spiritual maturity He cultivates in and through
us.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

Lord, thank You for growing us spiritually and using us to serve Your
people, as You grow Your kingdom.

God deserves the glory for the growth of His people and His kingdom.
