http://odb.org/2016/08/26/honorable-living/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Honorable Living

You are a chosen people, a royal priesthood, a holy nation, God’s
special possession.
1 Peter 2:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Peter 2:9–12

While delivering a well-publicized speech, a respected leader and
statesman got the attention of his nation by declaring that most of
his country’s honorable Members of Parliament (MPs) were quite
dishonorable. Citing lifestyles of corruption, pompous attitudes,
unsavory language, and other vices, he rebuked the MPs and urged them
to reform. As expected, his comments didn’t go well with them and they
dispatched counter-criticisms his way.

We may not be public officials in positions of leadership, but we who
follow Christ are a “chosen people, a royal priesthood, a holy nation,
God’s special possession” (1 Peter 2:9). As such, our Lord calls us to
lifestyles that honor Him.

The disciple Peter had some practical advice on how to do this. He
urged us to “abstain from sinful desires, which wage war against your
soul” (v. 11). Although he didn’t use the word honorable, he was
calling us to behavior worthy of Christ.

As the apostle Paul phrased it in his letter to the Philippians,
“Whatever is pure, whatever is lovely, whatever is admirable—if
anything is excellent or praiseworthy—think about such things” (Phil.
4:8). Indeed, these are the characteristics of behavior that honor our
Lord.

By:  Lawrence Darmani

Reflect & Pray

Lord, when we are honest with You, we understand how often we fall far
short of honorable behavior. We know how much we need You. By Your
Spirit, help us replace any selfish thoughts, words, and actions with
things that please You and draw others to You.

We honor God’s name when we call Him our Father and live like His
children.
