http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/odb/feed/~3/zliUoBPB9Gs/

Priceless Worship

She, out of her poverty, put in everything—all she had to live on.
Mark 12:44

Today's Scripture & Insight: Mark 12:38–44

I use writing to worship and serve God, even more so now that health
issues often limit my mobility. So, when an acquaintance said he found
no value in what I wrote, I became discouraged. I doubted the
significance of my small offerings to God.

Through prayer, study of Scripture, and encouragement from my husband,
family, and friends, the Lord affirmed that only He—not the opinions
of other people—could determine our motives as a worshiper and the
worth of our offerings to Him. I asked the Giver of all gifts to
continue helping me develop skills and provide opportunities to share
the resources He gives me.

Jesus contradicted our standards of merit regarding our giving (Mark
12:41–44). While the rich tossed large amounts of money into the
temple treasury, a poor widow put in coins “worth only a few cents”
(v. 42). The Lord declared her gift greater than the rest (v. 43),
though her contribution seemed insignificant to those around her (v.
44).

Although the widow’s story focuses on financial offerings, every act
of giving can be an expression of worship and loving obedience. Like
the widow, we honor God with intentional, generous, and sacrificial
gifts given from whatever He’s already given us. When we present God
the best of our time, talents, or treasure with hearts motivated by
love, we are lavishing Him with offerings of priceless worship.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

Lord, thank You for never comparing us with others when we offer You
the best of the gifts You’ve first given to us.

Sacrificial offerings motivated by our love for God will always be
priceless expressions of worship.
