http://odb.org/2014/12/11/snake-in-a-box/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Snake In A Box

The earth shall be full of the knowledge of the Lord. —
Isaiah 11:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 11:1-9

At a nature center, I watched my friend’s rosy-cheeked toddler pat the
side of a large glass box. Inside the box, a bull snake named Billy
slithered slowly, eyeing the little girl. Billy’s body was as thick as
my forearm and he sported brown and yellow markings. Although I knew
Billy could not escape from his container, seeing a menacing-looking
creature so close to a small child made me shudder.

The Bible speaks of a time in the future when fierce animals will fail
to threaten each other or human beings. “The wolf . . . shall dwell
with the lamb” and “the nursing child shall play by the cobra’s hole”
(Isa. 11:6,8). All the inhabitants of the world will experience total
harmony and peace.

The Lord will establish this safe environment when He restores the
world with His wisdom, might, and knowledge. At that time, He will
judge the world with righteousness and justice (11:4). And everyone
will acknowledge His greatness: “The earth shall be full of the
knowledge of the Lord” (11:9).

We live in a broken world. Unfairness and discord, fear and pain are a
very real part of our daily lives. But one day God will change
everything, and “the Sun of Righteousness shall arise with healing in
His wings” (Mal. 4:2). Then Jesus will rule the world in
righteousness.

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

Be still, my soul: the hour is hast’ning on When we shall be forever
with the Lord. When disappointment, grief, and fear are gone, Sorrow
forgot, love’s purest joys restored. —von Schlegel

Leave final justice in the hands of a just God.
