http://odb.org/2016/12/08/surround-sound/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Surround Sound

The sound of rejoicing in Jerusalem could be heard far away.
Nehemiah 12:43

Today's Scripture & Insight: Nehemiah 12:27–43

Walt Disney Studios was the first to introduce a new concept in
listening to movies. It was called “stereophonic sound” or surround
sound, and it was developed because producers wanted the movie-going
audience to hear the music in a new way.

But this wasn’t the first use of “surround sound.” Thousands of years
earlier, Nehemiah introduced the idea at the dedication of the rebuilt
wall of Jerusalem. “I had the leaders of Judah go up on top of the
wall,” he explained. “I also assigned two large choirs to give thanks”
(Neh. 12:31). The two choirs began at the southern part of the wall,
at the Dung Gate. One went to the left, one went to the right, and
they surrounded the city of Jerusalem in praise as they marched toward
the temple (vv. 31, 37–40).

The choirs led the people in rejoicing because “God had given them
great joy” (v. 43). In fact, their rejoicing “could be heard far away”
(v. 43).

Their praise resulted from God’s help as the people overcame the
opposition of enemies like Sanballat and rebuilt the wall. What has
God given us that causes our joy to overflow into praise? God’s clear
direction in our lives? The comfort He alone can provide in times of
trouble? Or our ultimate gift: salvation?

Perhaps we can’t create “surround sound” with our praise, but we can
rejoice in the joy God has given us. Then others can hear us praise
God and see how He works.



By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

We praise You, O Lord—with words, with song, and with our lives. We
offer You our hearts in response to Your great power, loving
provision, and constant care.

We can never praise Jesus too much!
