http://odb.org/2011/06/15/do-i-have-to-read-leviticus/

Do I Have To Read Leviticus?

My Word . . . shall not return to Me void, but it shall accomplish
what I please. —
Isaiah 55:11

Today's Scripture: Isaiah 55:6-13

Do I really have to read Leviticus?” A young executive asked me this
in earnest as we talked about the value of spending time in reading
the Bible. “The Old Testament seems so boring and difficult,” he said.

Many Christians feel this way. The answer, of course, is that the Old
Testament, including Leviticus, offers background and even contrasts
essential to grasping the New Testament. While Isaiah challenges us to
seek God (55:6), he also promises us that God’s Word accomplishes what
the Lord wants it to accomplish (v.11). Scripture is alive and
powerful (Heb. 4:12), and it is useful to teach, correct, and instruct
us (2 Tim. 3:16). God’s Word never returns void (Isa. 55:8-11), but
sometimes it is not until later that God’s words come to mind as we
need them.

The Holy Spirit uses the truths we’ve stored from reading or
memorization, and He helps us to apply them at just the right time.
For example, Leviticus 19:10-11 speaks of business competition and
even caring for the poor. The Spirit can remind us of these concepts,
and we can use them, if we’ve spent time reading and contemplating
that passage.

Reading the Bible turns our minds into storehouses through which the
Spirit can work. That’s a great reason to read Leviticus and the other
65 books as well.

By:  Randy Kilgore

Reflect & Pray

Lord, I want to learn to love Your Word more and more. Teach me and
help me to hide it in my heart so that I can live it, be encouraged by
it, and help others to know it too. Amen.

To understand the Word of God, rely on the Spirit of God.
