https://odb.org/2017/05/05/the-ministry-of-memory/?utm_source=feedburn
er&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%
29

The Ministry of Memory

“For I know the plans I have for you,” declares the Lord, “plans to
prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future.”
Jeremiah 29:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: Jeremiah 29:4–14

Our experiences of loss and disappointment may leave us feeling angry,
guilty, and confused. Whether our choices have closed some doors that
will never reopen or, through no fault of our own, tragedy has invaded
our lives, the result is often what Oswald Chambers called “the
unfathomable sadness of ‘the might have been.’ ” We may try to
suppress the painful memory, but discover we can’t.

Chambers reminds us that the Lord is still active in our lives. “Never
be afraid when God brings back the past,” he said. “Let memory have
its way. It is a minister of God with its rebuke and chastisement and
sorrow. God will turn the ‘might have been’ into a wonderful [place of
growth] for the future.”

In Old Testament days when God sent the people of Israel into exile in
Babylon, He told them to serve Him in that foreign land and grow in
faith until He brought them back to their home. “ ‘For I know the
plans I have for you,’ declares the Lord, ‘plans to prosper you and
not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future’ ” (Jer. 29:11).

God urged them not to ignore or be trapped by events of the past but
instead to focus on Him and look ahead. The Lord’s forgiveness can
transform the memory of our sorrow into confidence in His everlasting
love.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Father, thank You for Your plans for us, and for the future that
awaits us in Your love. For more insight from Oswald Chambers, visit
utmost.org.

God can use our deepest disappointments to nurture our faith in Him.
