https://odb.org/2017/08/19/from-grief-to-joy/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

From Grief to Joy

You will grieve, but your grief will turn to joy.
John 16:20

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 16:16–22

Kelly’s pregnancy brought complications, and doctors were concerned.
During her long labor, they decided to whisk her away for a Cesarean
section. But despite the ordeal, Kelly quickly forgot her pain when
she held her newborn son. Joy had replaced anguish.

Scripture affirms this truth: “A woman giving birth to a child has
pain because her time has come; but when her baby is born she forgets
the anguish because of her joy that a child is born into the world”
(John 16:21). Jesus used this illustration with His disciples to
emphasize that though they would grieve because He would be leaving
soon, that grief would turn to joy when they saw Him again (vv.
20–22).

Jesus was referring to His death and resurrection—and what followed.
After His resurrection, to the disciples’ joy, Jesus spent another
forty days walking with and teaching them before ascending and leaving
them once again (Acts 1:3). Yet Jesus did not leave them grief-
stricken. The Holy Spirit would fill them with joy (John 16:7–15; Acts
13:52).

Though we have never seen Jesus face to face, as believers we have the
assurance that one day we will. In that day, the anguish we face in
this earth will be forgotten. But until then, the Lord has not left us
without joy—He has given us His Spirit (Rom. 15:13; 1 Peter 1:8–9).

By:  Alyson Kieda

Reflect & Pray

Dear Lord, we long to be in Your presence, especially when we face
pain and sorrow. Yet You have not left us on our own. The Holy Spirit
lives within us—and gives us joy.

One day our sorrow will be turned to joy!
