https://odb.org/2021/02/01/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A House on a Rock

Everyone who [practices] these words of mine . . . is like a wise man
who built his house on the rock.
Matthew 7:24

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 7:24–29

As many as 34,000 homes in one US state are at risk of collapsing due
to faulty foundations. Without realizing it, a concrete company pulled
stone from a quarry laced with a mineral that, over time, causes
concrete to crack and disintegrate. The foundations of nearly six
hundred homes have already crumbled, and that number will likely
skyrocket over time.

Jesus used the image of building a home atop a faulty foundation to
explain the far riskier danger of building our lives on unsteady
ground. He explained how some of us construct our life on sturdy rock,
ensuring that we hold solid when we face fierce storms. Others of us,
however, erect our lives on sand; and when the tempests rage, our
lives tumble “with a great crash” (Matthew 7:27). The one distinction
between building on an unshakable foundation and a crumbling one is
whether or not we put Christ’s words “into practice” (v. 26). The
question isn’t whether or not we hear His words, but whether we
practice them as He enables us.

There’s much wisdom offered to us in this world—plus lots of advice
and help—and much of it is good and beneficial. If we base our life on
any foundation other than humble obedience to God’s truth, however, we
invite trouble. In His strength, doing what God says is the only way
to have a house, a life, built on rock.

By:  Winn Collier

Reflect & Pray

Whose wisdom, insights, or opinions do you listen to the most? How can
you better build your life’s foundation by putting Jesus’ words into
practice?

God, so much of what I experience feels unsteady and temporary, a life
built on sand. I want to live a solid life. Help me to obey You. To
learn more about the life and teachings of Jesus, see
ChristianUniversity.org/NT218.
