https://odb.org/2020/12/09/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

God’s Guidance

Blessed is the one who does not walk in step with the wicked or stand
in the way that sinners take or sit in the company of mockers.
Psalm 1:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 1:1–3

When their bank accidentally deposited $120,000 into their account, a
couple went on a shopping spree. They purchased an SUV, a camper, and
two four-wheelers in addition to paying off bills. Discovering the
deposit error, the bank told the couple to return the money.
Unfortunately, the husband and wife had already spent it. They were
then charged with felony theft. When the couple arrived at the local
court, the husband said to a reporter, “We took some bad legal
advice.” The two learned that following bad advice (and spending what
wasn’t theirs) could lead to making a mess of their lives.

In contrast, the psalmist shared wise advice that can help us avoid
messing up in life. He wrote that those who find genuine
fulfillment—who are “blessed”—refuse to be influenced by the advice of
those who don’t serve God (Psalm 1:1). They know that unwise, ungodly
counsel can lead to unseen dangers and costly consequences. Also,
they’re motivated by (find “delight” in) and preoccupied with
(“meditate on”) the timeless and unshakable truths of Scripture (v.
2). They’ve found that submitting to God’s guidance leads to stability
and fruitfulness (v. 3).

When we’re making decisions, big or small, about our careers, money,
relationships, and more, may we seek God’s wisdom found in the Bible,
godly counsel, and the leading of the Holy Spirit. His guidance is
essential and trustworthy for living a fulfilling life and not
creating messes.

By:  Marvin Williams

Reflect & Pray

Why do you believe Scripture is essential in making godly decisions?
Who are your counselors that help you with wise advice?

God, before I seek Your advice about things I don’t know, help me to
practice obedience in the areas I do know, and in loving You and
others.
