https://odb.org/2018/06/29/pictures-of-love/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Pictures of Love

I am not writing you a new command but one we have had from the
beginning. I ask that we love one another.
2 John 1:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 John 1:1–6

My children and I have started a new daily practice. Every night at
bedtime, we gather colored pencils and light a candle. Asking God to
light our way, we get out our journals and draw or write answers to
two questions: When did I show love today? and When did I withhold
love today?

Loving our neighbors has been an important part of the Christian life
“from the beginning” (2 John 1:5). That’s what John writes in his
second letter to his congregation, asking them to love one another in
obedience to God (2 John 1:5–6). Love is one of John’s favorite topics
throughout his letters. He says that practicing real love is one way
to know that we “belong to the truth,” that we’re living in God’s
presence (1 John 3:18–19). When my kids and I reflect, we find that in
our lives love takes shape in simple actions: sharing an umbrella,
encouraging someone who is sad, or cooking a favorite meal. The
moments when we’re withholding love are equally practical: we gossip,
refuse to share, or satisfy our own desires without thinking of
others’ needs.

Paying attention each night helps us be more aware each day, more
tuned in to what the Spirit might be showing us as we walk through our
lives. With the Spirit’s help, we’re learning to walk in love (2 John
1:6).

By:  Amy Peterson

Reflect & Pray

Lord, let us not love just in words, but in actions and in truth.
Teach us to be obedient to Your call to love.

How can I show love today?
