http://odb.org/2010/04/18/a-wrong-reading/

A Wrong Reading

Wage the good warfare, having faith and a good conscience, which some
having rejected, . . . have suffered shipwreck. —
1 Tim. 1:18-19

Today's Scripture: 1 Timothy 1:18-20

William Scoresby was a British seafaring explorer in the 19th century
who responded to God’s call to the ministry. An interest in the
workings of navigational compasses stayed with him during his work as
a clergyman. His research led to the discovery that all newly built
iron ships had their own magnetic influence on compasses. This
influence would change at sea for various reasons—leading crews to
read the compass incorrectly. Often this led to disaster.

There is a striking parallel between the misread compass and false
biblical teaching. In 1 Timothy 1, Paul warned against “fables and
endless genealogies” (v.4)—-man-made changes in the doctrines of God’s
Word. People who teach false doctrines “have suffered shipwreck,” Paul
concludes (v.19). Two people who opposed the Word of God by placing
false teaching in its place, and who thus faced spiritual shipwreck,
were Alexander and Hymenaeus (v.20).

Biblical truth is being questioned and in some cases even replaced in
the church today. Our opinions must never replace the truth of God’s
Word. The Bible, not man’s erroneous opinions about it, is the
ultimate guide for our conscience in navigating life’s changing seas.
Beware of wrong readings.

By:  Dennis Fisher

Reflect & Pray

God’s words of pure, eternal truth Shall yet unshaken stay, When all
that man has thought or planned, Like chaff has passed away. —Anon.

The first point of wisdom is to know the truth; the second, to discern
what is false.
