http://odb.org/2013/03/30/you-can-beat-it/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

You Can Beat It!

O Death, where is your sting? —
1 Corinthians 15:55

Today's Scripture: Matthew 28:1-10

The radio ad for an upcoming seminar sounded intriguing. The announcer
said, “You can beat death—for good! Attend my seminar and I’ll show
you how.” I wondered for a few moments what the speaker would claim
could beat death and what his suggestions might be. Perhaps something
about diet or exercise or freezing our bodies? After listening a
little longer, though, I realized he had said, “You can beat debt—for
good.”

The most wonderful news is that we can beat death because Jesus paid
our debt! (1 Cor. 15:55-57). Our debt of sin meant separation from
God, but Jesus willingly gave up His life and was crucified on a cross
to pay what we owed. As Mary Magdalene and another Mary went to the
tomb on the third day to anoint His body, an angel told them: “He is
not here; for He is risen, as He said” (Matt. 28:6). With great joy
they ran to bring His disciples the word. On their way, Jesus met them
and said, “Rejoice!” (v.9). Jesus had risen, and His followers had
reason for rejoicing.

Jesus has removed the sting of death (1 Cor. 15:55). Now we too have
victory by believing in the Son of God’s death and resurrection for
us. Through Jesus’ perfect work, we can beat death—for good!

By:  Anne Cetas

Reflect & Pray

Dear Lord, thank You for sacrificing Your life for our sins so that we
might live. We’re thankful that because You died and rose again, we
can have assurance that one day we’ll be with You in a place of no
more death.

We owed a debt we couldn’t pay; Jesus paid a debt He didn’t owe.
