http://odb.org/2017/01/29/timeless-savior/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Timeless Savior

“Very truly I tell you,” Jesus answered, “before Abraham was born, I
am!”
John 8:58

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 8:48–59

Jeralean Talley died in June 2015 as the world’s oldest living
person—116 years of age. In 1995, the city of Jerusalem celebrated its
3,000th birthday. One hundred sixteen is old for a person, and 3,000
is old for a city, but there are trees that grow even older. A
bristlecone pine in California’s White Mountains has been determined
to be older than 4,800 years. That precedes the patriarch Abraham by
800 years!

Jesus, when challenged by the Jewish religious leaders about His
identity, also claimed to pre-date Abraham. “Very truly I tell you,”
He said, “before Abraham was born, I am!” (John 8:58). His bold
assertion shocked those who were confronting Him, and they sought to
stone Him. They knew He wasn’t referring to a chronological age but
was actually claiming to be eternal by taking the ancient name of God,
“I am” (see Ex. 3:14). But as a member of the Trinity, He could make
that claim legitimately.

In John 17:3, Jesus prayed, “This is eternal life: that they know you,
the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom you have sent.” The timeless
One entered into time so we could live forever. He accomplished that
mission by dying in our place and rising again. Because of His
sacrifice, we anticipate a future not bound by time, where we will
spend eternity with Him. He is the timeless one.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

The earth shall soon dissolve like snow, the sun forbear to shine; but
God, who called me here below, will be forever mine.  John Newton
Learn more about the life to come at discoveryseries.org/q1205.

Christ holds all things together. Colossians 1:17
