https://odb.org/2019/02/02/restored/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=
feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Restored

I will repay you for the years the locusts have eaten.
Joel 2:25

Today's Scripture & Insight: Joel 2:18–27

A 2003 infestation of Mormon crickets caused more than $25 million in
lost crops. The crickets came in such numbers that people couldn’t so
much as take a step without finding one underfoot. The grasshopper-
like insect, named for attacking the crops of the Utah pioneers in
1848, can eat an astounding thirty-eight pounds of plant material in
their lifetimes, despite being merely two to three inches long. The
impact of infestations on farmers’ livelihoods—and the overall economy
of a state or country—can be devastating.

The Old Testament prophet Joel described a horde of similar insects
ravaging the entire nation of Judah as a consequence for their
collective disobedience. He foretold an invasion of locusts (a
metaphor for a foreign army, in the minds of some Bible scholars) like
nothing previous generations had seen (Joel 1:2). The locusts would
lay waste to everything in their path, driving the people into famine
and poverty. If, however, the people would turn from their sinful ways
and ask God for forgiveness, Joel says the Lord would “repay [them]
for the years the locusts have eaten” (2:25).

We too can learn from Judah’s lesson: like insects, our wrongdoings
eat away at the fruitful, fragrant life God intended for us. When we
turn toward Him, and away from our past choices, He promises to remove
our shame and restore us to an abundant life in Him.

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

What can you ask God’s forgiveness for today? To learn more about Joel
and other Old Testament prophets, see the free course at
christianuniversity.org/OT128.

God’s love restores.
