http://odb.org/2013/06/25/country-doctor/

Country Doctor

Let nothing be done through selfish ambition or conceit, but in
lowliness of mind let each esteem others better than himself. —
Philippians 2:3

Today's Scripture: Philippians 2:1-11

Sinclair Lewis’ novel Main Street tells the story of Carol, a
sophisticated city woman who marries a country doctor. She feels
superior to others in her new small-town environment. But her
husband’s response to a medical crisis challenges her snobbery. An
immigrant farmer terribly injures his arm, which needs to be
amputated. Carol watches with admiration as her husband speaks
comforting words to the injured man and his distraught wife. The
physician’s warmth and servant attitude challenges Carol’s prideful
mindset.

In all of our relationships as Jesus’ followers, we can choose to
think we’re superior or we can humbly serve the interests of others.
Paul, the apostle, tells us, “Let nothing be done through selfish
ambition or conceit, but in lowliness of mind let each esteem others
better than himself. Let each of you look out not only for his own
interests, but also for the interests of others” (Phil. 2:3-4).

We can learn to consider others’ needs more important than our own as
we focus on Jesus’ example. He took “the form of a bondservant,” and
gave Himself up for us (vv.5-8). When we fail in valuing others, His
sacrifice for us shows us the humble, better way.

By:  Dennis Fisher

Reflect & Pray

More like the Master I would ever be, More of His meekness, more
humility; More zeal to labor, more courage to be true, More
consecration for work He bids me do. —Gabriel

Joy comes from putting another’s welfare ahead of your own.
