https://odb.org/2019/12/19/written-on-the-heart/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Written on the Heart

You yourselves are our letter, written on our hearts, known and read
by everyone.
2 Corinthians 3:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Corinthians 2:17–3:6

As a professor, I’m often asked by students to write letters of
recommendation for them—for leadership positions, study-abroad
programs, graduate schools, and even jobs. In each letter, I have a
chance to praise the student’s character and qualifications.

When Christians traveled in the ancient world, they often carried with
them similar “letters of commendation” from their churches. Such a
letter ensured that the traveling brother or sister would be welcomed
hospitably.

The apostle Paul didn’t need a letter of recommendation when he spoke
to the church in Corinth—they knew him. In his second letter to that
church, Paul wrote that he preached the gospel out of sincerity, not
for personal gain (2 Corinthians 2:17). But then he wondered if his
readers would think that in defending his motives in preaching, he was
trying to write a letter of recommendation for himself.

He didn’t need such a letter, he said, because the people in the
church in Corinth were themselves like letters of recommendation. The
visible work of Christ in their lives was like a letter “written not
with ink but with the Spirit of the living God” (3:3). Their lives
testified to the true gospel Paul had preached to them—their lives
were letters of reference that could be “known and read by everyone”
(3:2). As we follow Jesus, this becomes true of us too—our lives tell
the story of the goodness of the gospel.

By:  Amy Peterson

Reflect & Pray

When people read the “letter” of your life, what do they see of Jesus?
Who are the teachers who have left their imprint on you?

Jesus, I want others to see You in my life. May I decrease and You
increase.
