http://odb.org/2014/05/10/way-out/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=fe
ed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Way Out

God is faithful, who will not allow you to be tempted beyond what you
are able, but with the temptation will also make the way of escape. —
1 Corinthians 10:13

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Corinthians 10:1-13

While in London recently, I decided to take the underground train to
my destination. So I paid my fare and descended into the depths of
London to catch my train. But getting out of the station can be a
scary experience for someone who is unfamiliar with the system. If you
don’t find the exit, you can quickly get lost in the tunnels.

Being alone in a sparsely populated underground tunnel is an
unsettling feeling, so believe me, you don’t want to get lost.
Needless to say, I was glad when I spotted the sign that says, “WAY
OUT” and followed it to safety.

Paul reminds us that when we are vulnerable to falling into sin, “God
is faithful; he will not let you be tempted beyond what you can bear.
But when you are tempted, he will also provide a way out” (1 Cor.
10:13 niv). It’s easy to assume that God is not with us when we are
tempted to sin. But this verse assures us that He is present and not
just standing idly by. Rather, He is actively providing a way out so
we can endure it.

So, the next time you feel tempted, remember that you are not
helpless. There is a divinely provided “way out”! Look for the sign,
and follow it to safety.

By:  Joe Stowell

Reflect & Pray

Lord, keep us mindful that Your presence with us in times of
temptation means that we need not fall. Give us the desire to seek
Your way out so we can know the joy of living a life that is pleasing
to You.

God is actively working to keep you from the danger of getting lost in
sin.
