http://odb.org/2011/11/30/actions-and-results/

Actions And Results

If by the one man’s offense many died, much more the grace of God and
the gift by the grace of the one Man, Jesus Christ, abounded to many.
—
Romans 5:15

Today's Scripture: Romans 5:12-19

On November 24, 1971, a man known today as D. B. Cooper hijacked a
commercial flight between Portland and Seattle by threatening to blow
up the plane unless he received $200,000. After landing to receive a
ransom, he ordered the plane back into the air. Then the rear stairs
of the 727 aircraft were lowered, and he parachuted into the night. He
was never captured, and the case is still unsolved. This act hastened
the age of airport security in which trust and confidence have been
replaced by suspicion and fear. What he did affected us all.

The Bible describes two actions that changed the world in a far more
significant way. Through Adam’s choice, sin and death entered the
world, “and thus death spread to all men, because all sinned” (Rom.
5:12). But through Christ’s sacrifice on the cross, God provided a
remedy for the results of sin. “Through one man’s [Adam’s] offense
judgment came to all men, resulting in condemnation, even so through
one Man’s [Christ’s] righteous act the free gift came to all men,
resulting in justification of life” (v.18).

Christ did what no one else could do when He broke the power of sin
and death by His resurrection. He offers forgiveness and eternal life
to all who will accept His gift. And for that, we thank Him with all
our hearts.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

When Adam sinned, death spread to all— One act condemned the human
race— But Jesus’ death upon the cross Provides mankind God’s saving
grace. —Sper

The cross of Christ can cure the condemnation of Adam’s choice.
