https://odb.org/2019/03/03/shared-comfort/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Purpose in Pain?

[God] comforts us in all our troubles, so that we can comfort those in
any trouble with the comfort we ourselves receive from God.
2 Corinthians 1:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Corinthians 1:3–7

When Siu Fen discovered she had kidney failure and would need dialysis
for the rest of her life, she wanted to give up. Retired and single,
the longtime believer in Jesus saw no point in prolonging her life.
But friends convinced her to persevere and go for dialysis and trust
in God to help her.

Two years later, she found her experience coming into play when she
visited a friend from church with a debilitating disease. The woman
felt alone, as few could truly understand what she was going through.
But Siu Fen was able to identify with her physical and emotional pain
and could connect with her in a personal way. Her own journey enabled
her to walk alongside the woman, giving her a special measure of
comfort others couldn’t. “Now I see how God can still use me,” she
said.

It can be hard to understand why we suffer. Yet God can use our
affliction in unexpected ways. As we turn to Him for comfort and love
in the midst of trials, it also empowers us to help others. No wonder
Paul learned to see purpose in his own suffering: It gave him the
opportunity to receive God’s comfort, which he could then use to bless
others (2 Corinthians 1:3–­5). We’re not asked to deny our pain and
suffering, but we can take heart in God’s ability to use it for good.

By:  Leslie Koh

Reflect & Pray

How has God used you to bring comfort to another? How has your faith
helped you to persevere?

Lord, help me to keep trusting in You in the midst of trouble, knowing
that I can tap Your unlimited comfort and share it with others.
