https://odb.org/2019/03/04/right-there-with-us/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Right There with Us

“We have here only five loaves of bread and two fish,” they answered.
Matthew 14:17

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 14:13–21

She was completely focused on the top shelf, where the glass jars of
spaghetti sauce sat. I’d been standing beside her in the grocery aisle
for a minute or two eyeing that same shelf, trying to decide. But she
seemed oblivious to my presence, lost in her own predicament. Now I
have no problem with top shelves because I’m a fairly tall man. She,
on the other hand, was not tall, not at all. I spoke up and offered to
help. Startled, she said, “Goodness, I didn’t even see you standing
there. Yes, please help me.”

The disciples had quite the situation on their hands—hungry crowds, a
remote place, and time slipping away—“It’s already getting late. Send
the crowds away, so they can go to the villages and buy themselves
some food” (Matthew 14:15). When challenged by Jesus to take care of
the people themselves, they responded, “We have here only . . .” (v.
17). All they seemed to be aware of was their lack. Yet standing right
beside them was Jesus, not just the multiplier of bread but the Bread
of Life Himself.

We can get so wrapped up in our challenges and trying to figure them
out for ourselves with our often-limited perspective that we miss the
abiding presence of the risen Christ. From remote hillsides to grocery
store aisles and everywhere else in between, He’s Immanuel—God right
there with us, an ever-present help in trouble.

By:  John Blase

Reflect & Pray

How can you increase your awareness of Jesus’s presence? Why is it
vital for us to gain His perspective in what we’re facing?

Wherever we are and whatever the challenge, Immanuel is with us. Learn
more about the life of Christ at christianuniversity.org/NT111.
