http://odb.org/2015/07/07/the-slow-walk/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Slow Walk

I will pray the Father, and He will give you another Helper, that He
may abide with you forever. —
John 14:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: Job 16:1-5

Caleb was sick. Really sick! Diagnosed with a nervous system disease,
the 5-year-old suffered from temporary paralysis. His anxious parents
prayed. And waited. Slowly, Caleb began to recover. Months later, when
doctors cleared him to attend school, all Caleb could manage was a
slow, unsteady walk.

One day his dad visited him at school. He watched his son haltingly
descend the steps to the playground. And then he saw Caleb’s young
friend Tyler come alongside him. For the entire recess, as the other
kids raced and romped and played, Tyler slowly walked the playground
with his frail friend.

Job must have ached for a friend like Tyler. Instead, he had three
friends who were certain he was guilty. “Who ever perished, being
innocent?” asked Eliphaz (Job 4:7). Such accusations prompted Job to
bitterly declare, “Miserable comforters are you all!” (16:2).

How unlike Jesus. On the eve of His crucifixion He took time to
comfort His disciples. He promised them the Holy Spirit, who would be
with them forever (John 14:16), and assured them, “I will not leave
you orphans; I will come to you” (v. 18). Then, just before He
returned to His Father, He said, “I am with you always, even to the
end of the age” (Matt. 28:20).

The One who died for us also walks with us, step by painstaking step.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Father, we tend to say too much to our hurting friends. Help us choose
our words wisely. Teach us to walk slowly with those in pain, as You
walk patiently with us.

Sometimes the best way to be like Jesus is to sit quietly with a
hurting friend.
