http://odb.org/2011/06/09/stolen-thoughts/

Stolen Thoughts

How long, O Lord? Will You forget me forever? —
Psalm 13:1

Today's Scripture: Psalm 13; Colossians 3:1-4

When my wife and I were traveling in another state, someone broke into
our car after we stopped for lunch. With one look at the shattered
glass, we realized that we had forgotten to put our GPS (global
positioning system) out of sight.

With a quick check of the backseat, I concluded that the thief also
got my laptop, passport, and checkbook.

Then came the surprise. Later that evening, after phone calls and
hours of growing worries, the unexpected happened. When I opened my
suitcase, tucked between my clothes was what I thought I had lost. I
couldn’t believe my eyes! Only then did I recall that I had not put
the items in the backseat after all. I had stuck them in the suitcase,
which had been safely stored in the trunk of our car.

Sometimes, in the emotion of the moment, our minds play tricks on us.
We think our loss is worse than it is. We may feel like the songwriter
David who, in the confusion of the moment, thought God had forgotten
him.

When David later recalled what he knew rather than what he feared, his
sense of loss turned into a song of praise (Ps. 13:5-6). His renewed
joy foreshadowed what is now ours to recall: Nothing can rob us of
what is most important if our life is “hidden with Christ in God”
(Col. 3:3).

By:  Mart DeHaan

Reflect & Pray

When sorrows assail us or terrors draw nigh, His love will not fail
us, He’ll guide with His eye; And when we are fainting and ready to
fail, He’ll give what is lacking and make us prevail. —Anon.

Rest your assurance on God’s love in your heart— not on the fear in
your mind.
