https://odb.org/2020/01/13/everyone-needs-compassion/?utm_source=feedb
urner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bre
ad%29

Everyone Needs Compassion

When he saw the crowds, he had compassion on them, because they were
harassed and helpless, like sheep without a shepherd.
Matthew 9:36

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 9:27–38

When Jeff was a new believer in Jesus and fresh out of college, he
worked for a major oil company. In his role as a salesman, he
traveled; and in his travels he heard people’s stories—many of them
heartbreaking. He realized that what his customers most needed wasn’t
oil, but compassion. They needed God. This led Jeff to attend seminary
to learn more about the heart of God and eventually to become a
pastor.

Jeff’s compassion had its source in Jesus. In Matthew 9:27–33 we get a
glimpse of Christ’s compassion in the miraculous healing of two blind
men and one demon-possessed man. Throughout His earthly ministry,
He went about preaching the gospel and healing “through all the
towns and villages” (v. 35). Why? “When he saw the crowds, he had
compassion on them, because they were harassed and helpless, like
sheep without a shepherd” (v. 36).

The world today is still full of troubled and hurting people who need
the Savior’s gentle care. Like a shepherd who leads, protects, and
cares for his sheep, Jesus extends His compassion to all who come to
Him (11:28). No matter where we are in life and what we’re
experiencing, in Him we find a heart overflowing with tenderness and
care. And when we’ve been a beneficiary of God’s loving compassion, we
can’t help but want to extend it to others.

By:  Alyson Kieda

Reflect & Pray

When have you experienced God’s tender care? Who can you reach out to
in compassion?

Heavenly Father, we’re so grateful You had compassion on us! We would
be lost without You. Help us to extend Your overflowing compassion to
others.
