https://odb.org/2021/02/10/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Waiting in Hope

Simeon . . . was righteous and devout. He was waiting for the
consolation of Israel, and the Holy Spirit was on him.
Luke 2:25

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 2:25–35

In the movie Hachi: A Dog’s Tale, a college professor befriended a
stray Akita puppy named Hachi. The dog expressed his loyalty by
waiting at the train station each day for the professor to return from
work. One day, the professor suffered a fatal stroke. Hachi waited
hours at the train station, and for the next ten years he returned
each day—awaiting His loving master.

Luke tells the story of a man named Simeon who patiently waited for
the coming of his Master (Luke 2:25). The Holy Spirit revealed to
Simeon that he would not see death until he saw the Messiah (v. 26).
As a result, Simeon kept waiting for the One who would provide
“salvation” for God’s people (v. 30). When Mary and Joseph entered the
temple with Jesus, the Holy Spirit whispered to Simeon that He was the
One! The wait was finally over! Simeon held Christ in his arms—the
hope, salvation, and comfort for all people (vv. 28–32).

If we find ourselves in a season of waiting, may we hear the words of
the prophet Isaiah with fresh ears: “Those who hope in the Lord will
renew their strength. They will soar on wings like eagles; they will
run and not grow weary, they will walk and not be faint” (Isaiah
40:31). As we await Jesus’ return, He provides the hope and strength
we need for each new day.

By:  Marvin Williams

Reflect & Pray

When have you become weary as you waited for God? What encouraged you
to endure during that challenging season?

Jesus, I will wait for You. Through pain, tears, and uncertainty, help
me to not become weary but to rest in Your provision. For hope in the
storms of life, read DiscoverySeries.org/Q0746.
