http://odb.org/2016/07/03/waiting-on-god/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Waiting on God

[The Lord] is patient with you, not wanting anyone to perish, but
everyone to come to repentance.
2 Peter 3:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Peter 3:8–15

I was sitting with a group of passengers on an airport shuttle heading
to our connecting flight when the bus driver was told to “hold in
place.” It looked like we would miss our flight, and this was more
than one passenger could handle. He exploded at the driver, insisting
he ignore his orders or “risk the wrath of a lawsuit.” Just then an
airline employee came dashing up carrying a briefcase. Looking at the
angry man, the airline employee triumphantly held up the briefcase.
When he had caught his breath, he said, “You left your briefcase. I
heard you mention how important your meeting was, and I figured you
would need this.”

Sometimes I find myself impatient with God, especially about His
return. I wonder, What can He be waiting on? The tragedies around us,
the suffering of people we love, and even the stresses of daily life
all seem bigger than the fixes on the horizon.

Then someone tells their story of having just met Jesus, or I discover
God is still at work in the messes. It reminds me of what I learned
that day on the shuttle. There are stories and details God knows that
I don’t. It reminds me to trust Him and to remember that the story
isn’t about me. It’s about God’s plan to give time to others who
don’t yet know His Son (2 Peter 3:9).

By:  Randy Kilgore

Reflect & Pray

I’m thankful You are patiently waiting for more people to trust in You
before You return. Help me to be patient too.

Wait and witness till Jesus returns.
