http://odb.org/2012/01/31/the-prince-of-peace/

The Prince Of Peace

Peace I leave with you, My peace I give to you. —
John 14:27

Today's Scripture: John 14:25-31

Years ago I came to know a young man who rode with a motorcycle gang.
He had grown up on a mission field where his parents served. When his
family returned to the US, he seemed unable to adjust to life. He
lived a troubled existence and was killed in a street fight with a
rival gang.

I’ve helped at many funeral services, but this was by far the most
memorable. It was held in a park where there is a natural grassy bowl
surrounding a small lake. His friends parked their bikes in a circle
and sat on the grass around a friend and me while we conducted the
service. We spoke simply and briefly about peace among warring
factions and the inner peace that Jesus’ love can bring.

Afterward, a motorcycle gang member thanked us, started to walk away,
but then turned back. I’ve never forgotten his words. He said that he
had “a putt, a pad, and an old lady” (a bike, apartment, and
girlfriend), and then added, “But I ain’t got no peace.” So we talked
about Jesus who is our peace.

Whether we’ve got a chopper or a Cadillac, a mansion or a tiny
apartment, a loved one or no one—it makes no difference. Without
Jesus, there is no peace. He said, “Peace I leave with you, My peace I
give to you” (John 14:27). This gift is for all who trust in Him. Have
you asked for His peace?

By:  David H. Roper

Reflect & Pray

Lord, I want to have peace in my life. To be at peace with You, with
others, and with myself. Your Word says that comes from You. Please
give me Your gift of peace. Amen.

Jesus died in our place to give us His peace.
