http://odb.org/2014/07/26/the-work-of-our-hands-2/?utm_source=feedburn
er&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%
29

The Work Of Our Hands

Because you have forgotten the God of your salvation, . . . the
harvest will be a heap of ruins. —
Isaiah 17:10–11

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 17:7-11

Spring had just turned into summer and crops were beginning to produce
fruit as our train rolled across the fertile landscape of West
Michigan’s shoreline. Strawberries had ripened, and people were
kneeling in the morning dew to pick the sweet fruit. Blueberry bushes
were soaking up sunshine from the sky and nutrients from the earth.

After passing field after field of ripening fruit, we came to a rusty
pile of abandoned metal. The harsh image of orange scrap metal poking
out of the earth was a sharp contrast to the soft greens of growing
crops. The metal produces nothing. Fruit, on the other hand, grows,
ripens, and nourishes hungry humans.

The contrast between the fruit and the metal reminds me of God’s
prophecies against ancient cities like Damascus (Isa. 17:1,11). He
says, “Because you have forgotten the God of your salvation, . . . the
harvest will be a heap of ruins” (Isa. 17:10-11). This prophecy serves
as a contemporary warning about the danger and futility of thinking we
can produce anything on our own. Apart from God, the work of our hands
will become a pile of ruins. But when we join with God in the work of
His hands, God multiplies our effort and provides spiritual
nourishment for many.

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

Lord, I want to be a part of what You are doing in Your world. Apart
from You, my work is nothing. Lead me, fill me, use me. Nourish others
through me.

“Without Me you can do nothing.” —Jesus (John 15:5)
