http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/odb/feed/~3/ttQCqjxIrKk/

A Thrill of Hope

Today in the town of David a Savior has been born to you; he is the
Messiah, the Lord.
Luke 2:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 2:11–20

Reginald Fessenden had been working for years to achieve wireless
radio communication. Other scientists found his ideas radical and
unorthodox, and doubted he would succeed. But he claims that on
December 24, 1906, he became the first person to ever play music over
the radio.

Fessenden held a contract with a fruit company which had installed
wireless systems on roughly a dozen boats to communicate about the
harvesting and marketing of bananas. That Christmas Eve, Fessenden
said that he told the wireless operators on board all ships to pay
attention. At 9 o’clock they heard his voice.

He reportedly played a record of an operatic aria, and then he pulled
out his violin, playing “O Holy Night” and singing the words to the
last verse as he played. Finally, he offered Christmas greetings and
read from Luke 2 the story of angels announcing the birth of a Savior
to shepherds in Bethlehem.

Both the shepherds in Bethlehem over two thousand years ago and the
sailors on board the United Fruit Company ships in 1906 heard an
unexpected, surprising message of hope on a dark night. And God still
speaks that same message of hope to us today. A Savior has been born
for us—Christ the Lord! (Luke 2:11). We can join the choir of angels
and believers through the ages who respond with “Glory to God in the
highest heaven, and on earth peace to those on whom his favor rests”
(v. 14).

By:  Amy Peterson

Reflect & Pray

God, we give You glory and thank You for sending Your Son Jesus Christ
to be our Savior!

Without Christ there is no hope. Charles Spurgeon
