http://odb.org/2013/05/17/gods-strong-arm/

God’s Strong Arm

I will redeem you with an outstretched arm. —
Exodus 6:6

Today's Scripture: Exodus 6:1-8

My friend Joann had a strong desire to become a concert pianist and to
travel and perform as either a soloist or as a piano accompanist.
While majoring in piano performance in college, she developed
tendinitis in her right arm, and it became too weak to perform the
solo recital that was required. She graduated with a degree in music
history and literature instead.

She knew Jesus as her Savior, but she had been rebelling against Him
for several years. Then through further difficult circumstances, she
sensed the Lord reaching out to her, and she turned back to Him.
Eventually her arm grew stronger, and her dream of traveling and
performing came about. She says, “Now I could play to God’s glory
instead of my own. His outstretched arm restored my spiritual life and
the strength in my arm to enable me to serve Him with the gift He gave
me.”

The Lord promised Moses that His outstretched arm would rescue the
Israelites from bondage in Egypt (Ex. 6:6). He kept that promise even
though His often-rebellious people doubted (14:30-31). God’s mighty
arm is outstretched for us as well. No matter the outcome of our
situation, He can be trusted to bring about His will for each of His
children. We can depend on God’s strong arm.

By:  Anne Cetas

Reflect & Pray

What a fellowship, what a joy divine, Leaning on the everlasting arms;
O how bright the path grows from day to day, Leaning on the
everlasting arms. —Hoffman

With God’s strength behind you and His arms beneath you, you can face
whatever lies ahead of you.
