https://odb.org/2021/01/27/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Free at Last

If the Son sets you free, you will be free indeed.
John 8:36

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 8:31–36

Twenty long years passed before British journalist John McCarthy—a
five-year hostage during Lebanon’s grueling civil war—met the man who
negotiated his release. When McCarthy finally met U.N. envoy
Giandomenico Picco, McCarthy simply said, “Thank you for my freedom!”
His heartfelt words carried great weight because Picco had risked his
own life during dangerous negotiations to secure freedom for McCarthy
and others.

We as believers can relate to such hard-won freedom. Jesus gave up His
life—enduring death on a Roman cross—to secure spiritual freedom for
all people, including each of us. Now as His children, we know “it is
for freedom that Christ has set us free,” the apostle Paul boldly
declared (Galatians 5:1).

The gospel of John also teaches of freedom in Christ, noting, “If the
Son sets you free, you will be free indeed” (John 8:36).

But free in what ways? In Jesus, we experience freedom not only from
sin and its hold on us but also from guilt, shame, worry, Satan’s
lies, superstitions, false teaching, and eternal death. No longer
hostages, we have freedom to show love to enemies, walk in kindness,
live with hope, and love our neighbors. As we follow the Holy Spirit’s
leading, we can forgive as we’ve been forgiven.

For all of this, let’s thank God today. Then let’s love so others will
know the power of His freedom too.

By:  Patricia Raybon

Reflect & Pray

What spiritual chains still hold you hostage? As you release those
chains to God, what words can you use to thank Him for setting you
free?

Dear liberating God, thank You for my freedom—for setting me free from
spiritual death and releasing me to love.
