https://odb.org/2019/06/12/destroying-the-shroud/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

Destroying the Shroud

[God] will destroy the shroud that enfolds all peoples.
Isaiah 25:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 25:1–9

A brutal car wreck devastated Mary Ann Franco. Though she survived,
the injuries left her completely blind. “All I could see was
blackness,” Franco explained. Twenty-one years later, she injured her
back in a fall. After waking from surgery (which had nothing to do
with her eyes), miraculously, her sight had returned! For the first
time in more than two decades, Franco saw her daughter’s face. The
neurosurgeon insisted there was no scientific explanation for her
restored vision. The darkness that seemed so final gave way to beauty
and light.

The Scriptures, as well as our experience, tell us that a shroud of
ignorance and evil covers the world, blinding all of us to God’s love
(Isaiah 25:7). Selfishness and greed, our self-sufficiency, our lust
for power or image—all these compulsions obscure our vision, making us
unable to clearly see the God who “in perfect faithfulness [has] done
wonderful things” (v. 1).

One translation calls this blinding shroud a “cloud of gloom” ( nlt ).
Left to ourselves, we experience only darkness, confusion, and
despair. We often feel trapped—groping and stumbling, unable to see
our way forward. Thankfully, Isaiah promises that God will ultimately
“destroy the shroud that enfolds all peoples” (v. 7).

God will not leave us hopeless. His radiant love removes whatever
blinds us, surprising us with a beautiful vision of a good life and
abundant grace.

By:  Winn Collier

Reflect & Pray

Where do you sense the darkness in your world? How do you imagine
Jesus destroys that place?

God, the gloom is everywhere these days. It’s so difficult to see Your
truth and love. Will You help me? I’m hopeless without You.
