https://odb.org/2020/11/29/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Sweet Again

On this mountain the Lord Almighty will prepare a feast of rich food
for all peoples.
Isaiah 25:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 25:1–9

Russian wedding customs are filled with beauty and significance. One
such custom takes place during the reception as the toastmaster
proposes a toast in honor of the couple. Everyone takes a sip from
their raised glass and then shouts, “Gor’ko! Gor’ko!” meaning “Bitter!
Bitter!” When the guests shout that word, the newlyweds must rise and
kiss each other in order to make the drink sweet again.

Isaiah prophesies that the bitter drink of desolation, ruin, and the
curse upon the earth (ch. 24) will give way to the sweet hope of a new
heaven and new earth (ch. 25). God will prepare a feast of rich foods
and the finest and sweetest of drinks. It will be a banquet of
continual blessing, fruitfulness, and provision for all people (25:6).
There’s more. Under the sovereign reign of the righteous King, death
is swallowed up, bitter tears are wiped away, and the shroud of
disgrace is removed (vv. 7–8). And His people will rejoice because the
One they trusted in and waited for will bring salvation and turn the
bitter cup of life sweet again (v. 9).

One day, we’ll be together with Jesus at the wedding supper of the
Lamb. When He welcomes His bride (the church) home, the promise of
Isaiah 25 will be fulfilled. The life once bitter will be made sweet
again.

By:  Marvin Williams

Reflect & Pray

What makes you long for God to make what is bitter sweet again?
While you wait for Jesus’ return, what are some things you can do to
make others’ bitter experience sweet again?

God, as I witness and experience so much pain, suffering, ruin, and
death, sometimes it’s difficult to believe You’ll make what is bitter
sweet again. Help me to put my hope in You, the One who’s promised to
give me beauty for ashes and joy for mourning.
