http://odb.org/2014/07/15/true-loyalty/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

True Loyalty

If I must boast, I will boast in the things which concern my
infirmity. —
2 Corinthians 11:30

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Corinthians 11:23-31

By one estimate, more than 14 trillion frequent-flyer miles have been
accumulated by people worldwide. It all started in the early 1980s,
when airlines began the first frequent-flyer programs to encourage
repeat business by rewarding customers for their loyalty. Accumulated
miles could be redeemed for free travel, goods, and services, so it
wasn’t long before people began planning their travel based as much on
personal reward as on price or schedule.

The apostle Paul was an avid first-century traveler, but he wasn’t in
it for the “frequent-sailor miles.” His goal was to reach as many
people as he could with the good news of forgiveness and eternal life
through faith in Jesus. When some people in the city of Corinth
questioned his authority, he wrote a letter describing the price he
had paid to bring the gospel to others: “Three times I was beaten with
rods; once I was stoned; three times I was shipwrecked; a night and a
day I have been in the deep” (2 Cor. 11:25). God gave Paul the grace
and endurance to risk his life to tell people about Jesus with no
thought of personal gain.

Whether we receive persecution or praise for our service to the Lord,
may our focus always be loyalty to Him and gratitude for His sacrifice
of love.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

I am Yours, Lord, yet teach me all it means, All it involves of love
and loyalty, Of holy service, full and glad, In unreserved obedience
to Thee! —Bennett

Our loyalty to Jesus grows from His love for us.
