http://odb.org/2015/06/06/start-from-here/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Start from Here!

Lord, what do You want me to do? —
Acts 9:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: Acts 9:1-9

On June 6, 1944, three American officers huddled in a bombshell crater
on Utah Beach in Normandy, France. Realizing the tide had carried them
to the wrong place on the beach, the trio made an impromptu decision:
“We’ll start the battle from right here.” They needed to move forward
from a difficult starting point.

Saul found himself in a difficult place, needing to make a decision
after meeting Jesus on the road to Damascus (Acts 9:1-20). Suddenly,
the location and direction of his life was revealed to him as a
mistake, his prior life perhaps even feeling like a waste. Moving
forward would be difficult and would require hard and uncomfortable
work, perhaps even facing the Christian families whose lives he had
torn apart. But he responded, “Lord, what do You want me to do?” (v.
6).

We often find ourselves in unexpected places, places we never planned
nor wanted to be. We may be drowning in debt, inhibited by physical
barriers, or suffering under the weight of sin’s consequences. Whether
Christ finds us this day in a prison cell or a palace, whether He
finds us broken and broke or absorbed by our own selfish desires,
Scripture tells us to heed Paul’s advice to forget what lies behind
and to press forward toward Christ (Phil. 3:13-14). The past is no
barrier to moving forward with Him.

By:  Randy Kilgore

Reflect & Pray

Are you paralyzed by your past? Have you drifted away from Christ? Or
perhaps never even met Him? Today is the day to begin anew with
Christ, even if you’ve tried and failed before.

It’s not too late for a fresh start.
