https://odb.org/2018/07/08/spotted-cobs/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Many Gifts, One Purpose

Just as a body, though one, has many parts, but all its many parts
form one body, so it is with Christ.
1 Corinthians 12:12

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Corinthians 12:4–14

Corn, also called maize, is the staple food in my home country of
Mexico. There are so many different types. You can find yellow, brown,
red, and black cobs, even ones with a wonderful spotted pattern. But
people in the cities usually won’t eat the spotted cobs. Restaurateur
and researcher Amado Ramírez explains that they believe uniformity is
a synonym of quality. Yet the spotted cobs taste good, and they make
excellent tortillas.

The church of Christ is much more similar to a spotted ear of corn
than to a cob of just one color. The apostle Paul used the imagery of
a body to describe the church, because even though we are all one
body, and we have the same God, each of us has been given a different
gift. As Paul said, “There are different kinds of service, but the
same Lord. There are different kinds of working, but in all of them
and in everyone it is the same God at work” (1 Corinthians 12:5–6).
Our diversity in the ways we help each other shows God’s generosity
and creativity.

As we embrace our diversity, may we also make every effort to keep our
unity in faith and purpose. Yes, we have different abilities and
backgrounds. We speak different languages and come from different
countries. But we have the same wonderful God, the Creator who
delights in so much variety.

By:  Keila Ochoa

Reflect & Pray

Father, may we make every effort to be one, respecting and valuing
each other and our various gifts and talents.

We need one another in order to be what God wants us to be.
