https://odb.org/2020/03/24/the-bell/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=
feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Bell

I tell you that you are Peter, and on this rock I will build my
church, and the gates of Hades will not overcome it.
Matthew 16:18

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 16:13–20

Jackson dreamed of becoming a US Navy Seal from early childhood—an
ambition that led to years of physical discipline and self-sacrifice.
He eventually faced grueling tests of strength and endurance including
what’s referred to by trainees as “hell week.”

Jackson was physically unable to complete the exhaustive training, and
reluctantly rang a bell to inform the commander and other trainees of
his choice to leave the program. For most, this would feel like
failure. But in spite of the extreme disappointment, Jackson was later
able to see his military failure as preparation for his life’s work.

The apostle Peter experienced his own form of failure. He boldly
proclaimed that he would remain loyal to Jesus even to prison or death
(Luke 22:33). Yet later he wept bitterly after he denied that he knew
Jesus (vv. 60–62). But God had plans beyond his failure. Prior to
Peter’s denial, Jesus informed him, “I tell you that you are Peter,
and on this rock I will build my church, and the gates of Hades will
not overcome it” (Matthew 16:18; see also Luke 22:31–32).

Are you struggling with a failure causing you to feel unworthy or
unqualified to move on? Don’t let the ringing bell of failure cause
you to miss God’s greater purposes for you.

By:  Evan Morgan

Reflect & Pray

What did you view as a failure in your life that God used to help you
grow in Him? Why is it vital for us to find our identity in how God
views us?

God, help me to use every circumstance, even my failures, for
Your glory and honor!
