http://odb.org/2014/10/19/the-right-foundation/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Right Foundation

Whoever hears these sayings of Mine, and does them, I will liken him
to a wise man who built his house on the rock. —
Matthew 7:24

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 7:24–29

“I’ve got bad news for you,” said the builder, who was renovating an
old house I had inherited. “When we started to convert the back half
of the garage for your office, we found that the walls had almost no
foundation. We will have to demolish them, dig proper foundations, and
start again.”

“Do you have to do that?” I pleaded, silently calculating the extra
cost. “Can’t you just patch it up?” But the builder was adamant.
“Unless we go down to the proper depth, the building inspector won’t
approve it. The right foundation is vital.”

The right foundation makes the difference between something that lasts
and something temporary. Jesus knew that though foundations are
invisible, they are vitally important to the strength and stability of
the house (Matt. 7:24-25), especially when it is battered by the
elements. He also knew the hearts of His listeners. They would be
tempted to take the easy way, find shortcuts, or do things by halves
to gain their objectives.

Other foundations may be quicker and easier. Building our lives on the
right foundation is hard work, but God’s truth is the only bedrock
worth building on. When the storms of life hit, houses built on and
held together by Him stand firm.

By:  Marion Stroud

Reflect & Pray

Father, the winds of life’s storms can be powerful and threatening.
Thank You for the foundation of the truth of Your faithfulness. Help
me to rely on Your strength in my storms.

The wise man builds his house upon the Rock.
