https://odb.org/2021/03/11/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Out of Our Poverty

They all gave out of their wealth; but she, out of her poverty, put in
everything—all she had to live on.
Mark 12:44

Today's Scripture & Insight: Mark 12:38–44

Warren Buffett and Bill and Melinda Gates made history when they
launched the Giving Pledge, promising to donate half of their money.
As of 2018, this meant giving away 92 billion dollars. The pledge made
psychologist Paul Piff curious to study giving patterns. Through a
research test, he discovered that the poor were inclined to give 44
percent more of what they had than wealthy people. Those who’ve felt
their own poverty are often moved to greater generosity.

Jesus knew this. Visiting the temple, He watched the crowds drop gifts
into the treasury (Mark 12:41). The rich tossed in wads of cash, but a
poor widow pulled out her last two copper coins, worth maybe a penny,
and placed them into the basket. I picture Jesus standing up,
delighted and astounded. Immediately, He gathered His disciples,
making sure they didn’t miss this dazzling act. “This poor widow has
put more into the treasury than all the others,” Jesus exclaimed (v.
43). The disciples looked at each other, bewildered, hoping someone
could explain what Jesus was talking about. So, He made it plain:
those bringing huge gifts “gave out of their wealth; but she, out of
her poverty, put in everything” (v. 44).

We may have little to give, but Jesus invites us to give out of our
poverty. Though it may seem meager to others, we give what we have,
and God finds great joy in our lavish gifts.

By:  Winn Collier

Reflect & Pray

What does it mean for you to give out of your poverty? How can you
give “everything” for Jesus today?

God, I don’t feel like I have much to offer. My gifts feel puny and
worthless. But I’m here. All of me. Will You receive me in my poverty?
