http://odb.org/2014/05/17/surfacing/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=
feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Surfacing

By Him all things were created that are in heaven and that are on
earth, visible and invisible. —
Colossians 1:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: Colossians 1:15-23

Human beings straddle visible and invisible realities—the natural and
the supernatural. I thought about these two worlds when I went out in
a boat to watch whales off the coast of New Zealand. A whale would
rest on the surface for a while, then breathe deeply a few times, his
exhalations creating a spectacular spout, before plunging a mile deep
to feed on squid.

Despite having its own lively habitat of marine plants and sea
creatures, the whale must surface for oxygen from time to time or it
dies. Though it knows little about the world above, it needs vital
contact with it to survive.

I sometimes feel like that whale, coming up for spiritual air at
regular intervals to stay alive. But there is no neat division between
the natural and the supernatural. The world we live in is not an
either/or world. What I do as a Christian—praying, worshiping,
demonstrating God’s love to the sick, needy, and imprisoned—is both
supernatural and natural.

The same God who created the world that’s visible to us actively
sustains it and has made a way for us to approach Him, the invisible.
Paul wrote, “You, who once were alienated and enemies in your mind by
wicked works, yet now He has reconciled in the body of His flesh
through death” (Col. 1:21-22).

All our actions take place in the visible world, which we can touch,
smell, and see. Yet the Creator and Sustainer of all things has
provided a way for us to breathe the spiritual air we need and crave.

By:  Philip Yancey

This article may not have a prayer section.




