https://odb.org/2018/02/22/buckling-up/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Buckling Up!

Let us then approach God’s throne of grace with confidence.
Hebrews 4:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: Hebrews 4:11–16

“The captain has turned on the seat belt sign, indicating that we are
entering an area of turbulence. Please return to your seats
immediately and securely fasten your seat belt.” Flight attendants
give that warning when necessary because in rough air, unbuckled
passengers can be injured. Secured in their seats, they can safely
ride out the turbulence.

Most of the time, life doesn’t warn us of the unsettling experiences
coming our way. But our loving Father knows and cares about our
struggles, and He invites us to bring our cares, hurts, and fears to
Him. The Scriptures tell us, “This High Priest of ours understands our
weaknesses, for he faced all of the same testings we do, yet he did
not sin. So let us come boldly to the throne of our gracious God.
There we will receive his mercy, and we will find grace to help us
when we need it most” (Hebrews 4:15–16 nlt ).

In seasons of turbulence, going to our Father in prayer is the best
thing we can do. The phrase “grace to help us when we need it”—means
that in His presence we can be “buckled” in peace during threatening
times, because we bring our concerns to the One who is greater than
all! When life feels overwhelming, we can pray. He can help us through
the turbulence.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Father, sometimes life is overwhelming. Help me to trust You with all
the turbulent moments, knowing how deeply You care for my life. For
further study, listen to “The Essence of Prayer” at
discovertheword.org/series/the-essence-of-prayer/.

Although we cannot anticipate the trials of life, we can pray to our
Father who fully understands what we face.
