http://odb.org/2016/05/20/chili-peppers/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Chili Peppers

Religion that God our Father accepts as pure and faultless is this: to
look after orphans and widows in their distress.
James 1:27

Today's Scripture & Insight: James 1:22–27

“My mother gave us chili peppers before we went to bed,” said Samuel,
recalling his difficult childhood in sub-Saharan Africa. “We drank
water to cool our mouths, and then we would feel full.” He added, “It
did not work well.”

Government upheaval had forced Samuel’s father to flee for his life,
leaving their mother as the family’s sole provider. Sam’s brother had
sickle cell anemia, and they couldn’t afford medical care. Their
mother took them to church, but it didn’t mean much to Sam. How could
God allow our family to suffer like this? he wondered.

Then one day a man learned about their plight and brought them some
medicine to help with treatment. “On Sunday we will go to this man’s
church,” his mother announced. Right away Sam sensed something
different about this church. They celebrated their relationship with
Jesus by living His love.

That was three decades ago. Today in this part of the world, Sam has
started more than 20 churches, a large school, and a home for orphans.
He’s continuing the legacy of true religion taught by James, the
brother of Jesus, who urged us not to “merely listen to the word” but
to “do what it says” (James 1:22). “Religion that God our Father
accepts as pure and faultless is this: to look after orphans and
widows in their distress” (v. 27).

There’s no telling what a simple act of kindness done in Jesus’ name
can do.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray



Sometimes the best witness is kindness.
