http://odb.org/2011/05/28/are-you-listening-3/

Are You Listening?

Speak to the rock before their eyes, and it will yield its water. —
Numbers 20:8

Today's Scripture: Numbers 20:1-13

He was frustrated. He was angry. He was tired of being blamed for
everything that went wrong. Year after year, he had gotten them
through one disaster after another. He was continually interceding on
their behalf to keep them out of trouble. But all he got for his
efforts was more grief. Finally, in exasperation, he said, “Hear now,
you rebels! Must we bring water for you out of this rock?” (Num.
20:10).

That suggestion might sound preposterous, but it wasn’t. Forty years
earlier, the previous generation had the same complaint: no water. God
told Moses to strike a rock with his staff (Ex. 17:6). When he obeyed,
water gushed out—plenty of water. When the grumbling started again so
many years later, Moses did the thing that worked before. But this
time it was the wrong thing to do. What Moses told the Israelites to
do—to listen—he himself had not done. God had told him to speak to the
rock this time, not strike it.

Sometimes in exhaustion or exasperation, we don’t pay close attention
to God. We assume He will always work the same way. But He doesn’t.
Sometimes He tells us to act; sometimes He tells us to speak;
sometimes He tells us to wait. That is why we must always be careful
to listen before we take action.

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

Lord, help us to obey Your Word, To heed Your still small voice; And
may we not be swayed by men, But make Your will our choice. —D. De
Haan

Listen—then obey.
