https://odb.org/2020/02/15/the-mouse-that-roared/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

The Mouse That Roared

The one who is in [us] is greater than the one who is in the world.
1 John 4:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 4:1–11

Several years ago my sons and I spent a few days camping in the
Selway-Bitterroot Wilderness in Northern Idaho. It’s grizzly bear
habitat, but we carried bear spray, kept our campsites clean, and
anticipated no major grizzly encounters.

One evening, in the middle of the night, I heard Randy scramble around
trying to get out of his sleeping bag. I grabbed my flashlight and
turned it on, expecting to see him in the clutches of an enraged
grizzly.

There, sitting upright on its haunches and waving its paws in the air
was a field mouse about 4 inches tall. It had Randy’s cap firmly
clenched in its teeth. The little creature had tugged and tugged until
he pulled Randy’s cap from his head. As I laughed, the mouse dropped
the cap and scampered away. We crawled back into our sleeping bags. I,
however, fully adrenalized, couldn’t get back to sleep and
thought about another predator—the devil.

Consider Satan’s temptation of Jesus (Matthew 4:1–11). He countered
his enticements with the Scriptures. With each answer, Jesus reminded
Himself that God had spoken on this issue and therefore He wouldn’t
disobey. This caused the devil to flee.

Although Satan wants to devour us, it’s good to remember that he’s a
created being like the little rodent. John said, “the one who is in
[us] is greater than the one who is in the world” (1 John 4:4).

By:  David H. Roper

Reflect & Pray

What are your greatest temptations? What does God say about these
issues and how might you use that when you’re tempted?

Dear God, I’m grateful that You’re greater than any temptation that
comes at me. Please provide the way out.
