https://odb.org/2019/02/22/he-holds-our-hand/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

He Holds Our Hand

I will strengthen you and help you; I will uphold you with my
righteous right hand.
Isaiah 41:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 41:8–13

The little girl who navigated the stairway one Sunday at church was
cute, spunky, and independent. One by one the child—who appeared to be
not much older than two years—took the steps down to the lower level.
Descending the stairs was her mission and she accomplished it. I
smiled to myself as I pondered the daring independence of this
courageous toddler. The child wasn’t afraid because she knew her
caring mother’s watchful eye was always on her and her loving hand was
extended to help her. This aptly pictures the Lord’s readiness to help
His children as they make their way through life with its varied
uncertainties.

Today’s Scripture includes two “hand” references. After cautioning His
ancient people not to fear or be dismayed, the Lord told them, “I will
uphold you with my righteous right hand” (Isaiah 41:10). Many anxious
and fearful children have been steadied by the strength of a parent.
Here God’s power comes into view. In the second “hand” reference, once
again it’s the Lord who acted to secure the safety of His own. “For I
am the Lord your God who takes hold of your right hand” (v. 13). While
life situations and times have changed, the Lord hasn’t. We need not
despair (v. 10) because the Lord still assures us with the promise of
His support and with the words we desperately need to hear: “Do not
fear” (vv. 10, 13).

By:  Arthur Jackson

Reflect & Pray

Father, thank You for always watching over me. For help, read
Navigating the Storms of Life at discoveryseries.org/hp061.

With God’s hand holding my hand, I am safe!
