https://odb.org/2019/01/11/the-infinite-dimensions-of-gods-love/?utm_s
ource=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Ou
r+Daily+Bread%29

Infinite Dimensions

I pray that you . . . [will] grasp how wide and long and high and deep
is the love of Christ.
Ephesians 3:17–18

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ephesians 3:16–21

I lay still on the vinyl-covered mat and held my breath on command as
the machine whirred and clicked. I knew lots of folks had endured
MRIs, but for claustrophobic me, the experience required focused
concentration on something—Someone—much bigger than myself.

In my mind, a phrase from Scripture—“how wide and long and high and
deep is the love of Christ” (Ephesians 3:18)—moved in rhythm with the
machine’s hum. In Paul’s prayer for the Ephesian church, he described
four dimensions to God’s love in order to stress the unending
parameters of His love and presence.

My position while lying down for the MRI provided a new image for my
understanding. Wide: the six inches on either side of where my arms
were tightly pinned to my body within the tube. Long: the distance
between the cylinder’s two openings, extending out from my head and
feet. High: the six inches from my nose up to the “ceiling” of the
tube. Deep: the support of the tube anchored to the floor beneath me,
holding me up. Four dimensions illustrating God’s presence surrounding
and holding me in the MRI tube—and in every circumstance of life.

God’s love is ALL around us. Wide: He extends His arms to reach all
people everywhere. Long: His love never ends. High: He lifts us up.
Deep: He dips down, holding us in all situations. Nothing can separate
us from Him! (Romans 8:38–39).

By:  Elisa Morgan

Reflect & Pray

What situations cause you to question God’s love? How will you choose
to trust Him?

Dear God, help us pause to ponder Your multidimensional love for us!
