https://odb.org/2021/01/04/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Lifestyle of Worship

Worship the Lord with gladness; come before him with joyful songs.
Psalm 100:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 100

As I waited in the breakfast buffet line at a Christian conference
center, a group of women entered the dining hall. I smiled, saying
hello to a woman who stepped into the line behind me. Returning my
greeting, she said, “I know you.” We scooped scrambled eggs onto our
plates and tried to figure out where we’d met. But I was pretty
sure she’d mistaken me for someone else.

When we returned for lunch, the woman approached me. “Do you drive a
white car?”

I shrugged. “I used to. A few years ago.”

She laughed. “We stopped at the same traffic light by the elementary
school almost every morning,” she said. “You’d always be lifting your
hands, singing joyfully. I thought you were worshiping God. That made
me want to join in, even on tough days.”

Praising God, we prayed together, hugged, and enjoyed lunch.

My new friend affirmed that people notice how Jesus’ followers behave,
even when we think no one is watching. As we embrace a lifestyle of
joyful worship, we can come before our Creator anytime and anywhere.
Acknowledging His enduring love and faithfulness, we can enjoy
intimate communion with Him and thank Him for His ongoing care (Psalm
100). Whether we’re singing praises in our cars, praying in public, or
spreading God’s love through kind acts, we can inspire others to
“praise his name” (v. 4). Worshiping God is more than a Sunday morning
event.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

In what ways can you joyfully worship God throughout the day? When has
someone else's worship led to your own?

Almighty God, please help me live to worship You with contagious joy
and gratitude.
