http://odb.org/2013/07/15/read-backwards/

Read Backwards

He who overcomes shall inherit all things, and I will be his God and
he shall be My son. —
Revelation 21:7

Today's Scripture: Revelation 21:1-7

I confess that I sometimes read the end of a book before I read the
beginning. Doing so allows me to know which characters live and which
characters don’t. When I know how it will turn out, I’m able to relax
and thoroughly appreciate and enjoy the story and the characters.

In a similar way, reading the final book of the Bible, the book of
Revelation, can be an encouragement and comfort for the followers of
Jesus. Time and again, Christians are called to be overcomers (1 John
4:4; 5:4; Rev. 2:7,11,17,26; 3:5,12,21). We can be overcomers now and
will be for all eternity.

As the apostle John talks about the revealing of the new heaven and
the new earth in Revelation (21:1), he describes what the final
victory will look like for those who have received Jesus as Savior. At
that time, we will see the end of death, tears, sorrow, and pain
(v.4). The Lord declares: “He who overcomes shall inherit all things,
and I will be his God and he shall be My son” (v.7). He will dwell
with us (v.3), and He will “make all things new” (v.5).

When the trials of today seem more daunting than your strength, let
the Lord show you the end of the story when you will be in His
presence forever!

By:  Randy Kilgore

Reflect & Pray

Stand up, stand up for Jesus, the strife will not be long; This day
the noise of battle—the next the victor’s song. To him that overcometh
a crown of life shall be; He with the King of glory shall reign
eternally. —Duffield

For hope today, remember the end of the story— eternity with God.
