http://odb.org/2012/12/26/clean-hands/

Clean Hands

Who may ascend into the hill of the Lord? Or who may stand in His holy
place? He who has clean hands and a pure heart. —
Psalm 24:3-4

Today's Scripture: Psalm 24

It seems that wherever you go these days, you see signs encouraging
people to wash their hands. With the constant threat of germs and
viruses spreading disease throughout the general public, health
officials continually remind us that unwashed hands form the single
greatest agent for the spread of germs. So, in addition to the signs
calling for vigilant hand- washing, public places will often provide
hand sanitizers to help take care of germs and bacteria.

David also spoke of the importance of “clean hands,” but for a
dramatically different reason. He said that clean hands are one key to
being able to enter into God’s presence for worship: “Who may ascend
into the hill of the Lord? Or who may stand in His holy place?” he
asked. And the answer? “He who has clean hands and a pure heart” (Ps.
24:3-4). Here “clean hands” is not a reference to personal hygiene but
a metaphor for our spiritual condition—being cleansed from sin (1 John
1:9). It speaks of a life committed to what is right and
godly—enabling us to stand blameless before our Lord in the privilege
of worship.

As His life is lived out in our lives, He can help us to do what’s
right so that our hands are clean and our hearts are ready to give
worship to our great God.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Worship, praise, and adoration, All are due to Jesus’ name. Freely
give your heart’s devotion, Constantly His love proclaim. —Anon.

The road to worship begins with gratefulness for the cleansing of God.
