http://odb.org/2015/12/03/when-not-to-rejoice/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

When Not to Rejoice

Do not gloat when your enemy falls.
Proverbs 24:17

Today's Scripture: Ezekiel 25:1-7; Matthew 5:43-48

The Akan people of Ghana have a proverb: “The lizard is not as mad
with the boys who threw stones at it as with the boys who stood by and
rejoiced over its fate!” Rejoicing at someone’s downfall is like
participating in the cause of that downfall or even wishing more evil
on the person.

That was the attitude of the Ammonites who maliciously rejoiced when
the temple in Jerusalem “was desecrated and over the land of Israel
when it was laid waste and over the people of Judah when they went
into exile” (Ezek. 25:3). For spitefully celebrating Israel’s
misfortunes, the Ammonites experienced God’s displeasure, which
resulted in grim consequences (vv. 4-7).

How do we react when disaster befalls our neighbor or when our
neighbor gets into trouble? If she is a nice and friendly neighbor,
then, of course, we will sympathize with her and go to her aid. But
what if he is an unfriendly, trouble-making neighbor? Our natural
tendency may be to ignore him or even secretly rejoice at his
downfall.

Proverbs warns us: “Do not gloat when your enemy falls; when they
stumble, do not let your heart rejoice” (24:17). Instead, Jesus tells
us that we show His love in action when we “love [our] enemies and
pray for those who persecute [us]” (Matt. 5:44). By so doing, we
imitate the perfect love of our Lord (5:48).

By:  Lawrence Darmani

Reflect & Pray

Lord, open my eyes and my heart to be honest about my attitude toward
those who are unkind or unfair to me. Fill my heart with Your love,
Lord, and help me pray for them.

Love your neighbor as yourself.
