http://odb.org/2017/01/11/work-together/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Work Together

We know that in all things God works for the good of those who love
him, who have been called according to his purpose.
Romans 8:28

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 8:28–30

My wife makes an amazing pot roast dinner. She takes raw meat, along
with raw sliced white and sweet potatoes, celery, mushrooms, carrots,
and onions and throws them into the slow cooker. Six or seven hours
later the aroma fills the house, and the first taste is a delight. It
is always to my advantage to wait until the ingredients in the slow
cooker work together to achieve something they could not achieve
individually.

When Paul used the phrase “work together” in the context of suffering,
he used the word from which we get our word synergy. He wrote, “We
know that in all things God works for the good of those who love him,
who have been called according to his purpose” (Rom. 8:28). He wanted
the Romans to know that God, who didn’t cause their suffering, would
cause all their circumstances to cooperate with His divine plan—for
their ultimate good. The good to which Paul referred was not the
temporal blessings of health, wealth, admiration, or success, but
being “conformed to the image of [God’s] Son” (v. 29).

May we wait patiently and confidently because our heavenly Father is
taking all the suffering, all the distress, all the evil, and causing
them to work together for His glory and our spiritual good. He wants
to make us like Jesus.

By:  Marvin Williams

Reflect & Pray

Read 2 Corinthians 12:9, Philippians 1:6, and 1 Peter 5:10. What
encouragement did you find for tough times?

The growth we gain from waiting on God is often greater than the
answer or result we desire.
