https://odb.org/2020/09/18/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Fixing Elevators

Love your neighbor as yourself. I am the Lord.
Leviticus 19:18

Today's Scripture & Insight: Leviticus 19:9–18

Sarah has a rare condition that causes her joints to dislocate, making
her reliant on an electric wheelchair to get around. On her way to a
meeting recently, Sarah rode her wheelchair to the train station but
found the elevator broken. Again. With no way of getting to the
platform, she was told to take a taxi to another station forty minutes
away. The taxi was called but never arrived. Sarah gave up and went
home.

Unfortunately, this is a regular occurrence for Sarah. Broken
elevators stop her from boarding trains, forgotten ramps leave her
unable to get off them. Sometimes Sarah is treated as a nuisance by
railway staff for needing assistance. She’s often close to tears.

Out of the many biblical laws governing human relationships, “love
your neighbor as yourself” is key (Leviticus 19:18; Romans 13:8–10).
And while this love stops us from lying, stealing, and abusing others
(Leviticus 19:11, 14), it also changes how we work. Employees must be
treated fairly (v. 13), and we should all be generous to the poor (vv.
9–10). In Sarah’s case, those who fix elevators and drag out ramps
aren’t doing inconsequential tasks but offering important service to
others.

If we treat work as just a means to a wage or other personal benefit,
we will soon treat others as annoyances. But if we treat our jobs as
opportunities to love, then the most everyday task becomes a holy
enterprise.

By:  Sheridan Voysey

Reflect & Pray

Why do you think we can become annoyed at someone needing extra
assistance? How can you turn your job into a channel of love today?

Father, a job is never just a job to You but an opportunity to love
You and serve others. Help me to see my work as an opportunity to
benefit others today.
