http://odb.org/2015/12/20/pax-romana/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium
=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Pax Romana

To us a child is born, to us a son is given, and the government will
be on his shoulders.
Isaiah 9:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 9:1-7

No one can afford the price of war. One website reports 64 nations are
currently involved in armed conflicts. When and how will they end? We
want peace, but not at the expense of justice.

Jesus was born during a time of “peace,” but it came at the cost of
heavy-handed oppression. The Pax Romana (“Roman Peace”) existed only
because Rome squashed all dissent.

Seven centuries before that time of relative peace, hostile armies
prepared to invade Jerusalem. From the shadow of war, God made a
remarkable pronouncement. “On those living in the land of deep
darkness a light has dawned,” the prophet declared (Isa. 9:2). “For to
us a child is born, to us a son is given . . . . Of the greatness of
his government and peace there will be no end” (vv. 6-7). Matthew
tells us that Isaiah’s prophecy found fulfillment in the Christ-child
(Matt. 1:22-23; see also Isa. 7:14).

We adore the tiny baby in the manger scene. Yet that helpless babe is
also the Lord Almighty, “the Lord of Heaven’s Armies” (Isa. 13:13
nlt). He will one day “reign on David’s throne and over his kingdom,
establishing and upholding it with justice and righteousness” (9:7).
Such a regime will be no oppressive Pax Romana. It will be the reign
of the Prince of Peace.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Father, we can never sufficiently thank You that Your Son came to
bring us peace with You through His death and resurrection. Thank You
that He will rule in both peace and righteousness.

The Lamb of God is also the Lion of Judah.
