https://odb.org/2021/01/14/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Our Compassionate God

You stretch out your hand against the anger of my foes.
Psalm 138:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 138

The winter night was cold when someone threw a large stone through a
Jewish child’s bedroom window. A star of David had been displayed in
the window, along with a menorah to celebrate Hanukkah, the Jewish
Festival of Lights. In the child’s town of Billings, Montana,
thousands of people—many of them believers in Jesus—responded to the
hateful act with compassion. Choosing to identify with the hurt and
fear of their Jewish neighbors, they pasted pictures of menorahs in
their own windows.

As believers in Jesus, we too receive great compassion. Our Savior
humbled Himself to live among us (John 1:14), identifying with us. On
our behalf, He, “being in very nature God . . . made himself nothing
by taking the very nature of a servant” (Philippians 2:6–7). Then,
feeling as we feel and weeping as we weep, He died on a cross,
sacrificing His life to save ours.

Nothing we struggle with is beyond our Savior’s concern. If someone
“throws rocks” at our lives, He comforts us. If life brings
disappointments, He walks with us through despair. “Though the Lord is
exalted, he looks kindly on the lowly; though lofty, he sees them from
afar” (Psalm 138:6). In our troubles, He preserves us, stretching out
His hand against both “the anger of [our] foes” (v. 7) and our own
deepest fears. Thank You, God, for Your compassionate love.

By:  Patricia Raybon

Reflect & Pray

In what areas of your life do you need God’s compassion? How can you
show His care and love to others?

O God, I thank You for understanding my struggles and comforting me
with loving care. Remind me always to share Your compassion with
others. Learn to love like Jesus at DiscoverySeries.org/Q0208.
