https://odb.org/2019/08/11/though/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=fe
ed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

“Though”

Yet I will rejoice in the Lord, I will be joyful in God my Savior.
Habakkuk 3:18

Today's Scripture & Insight: Habakkuk 3:17–19

In 2017, the opportunity to help people in the aftermath of Hurricane
Harvey in the US prompted a group of us to travel to Houston. Our goal
was to encourage people who’d been impacted by the storm. In the
process, our own faith was challenged and strengthened as we stood
with them in their damaged church buildings and homes.

The radiant faith exhibited by a number of these people in the wake of
Harvey is what we see expressed by Habakkuk at the end of his seventh-
century bc prophecy. The prophet predicted that tough times were on
the way (1:5–2:1); things would get worse before they got better. The
end of the prophecy finds him pondering the potential of earthly
losses and the word though makes a threefold appearance: “Though the
fig tree does not bud . . . ; though the olive crop fails . . . ;
though there are no sheep in the pen and no cattle in the stalls”
(3:17).

How do we position ourselves in the face of unimaginable losses such
as the loss of health or employment, the death of a loved one, or a
devastating natural disaster? Habakkuk’s “Ode for Tough Times” calls
us to confident faith and trust in God, who is the source of salvation
(v. 18), strength, and stability (v. 19) for yesterday, today, and
forever. In the end, those who trust Him will never be disappointed.

By:  Arthur Jackson

Reflect & Pray

How has God met your need during difficult times? How can you
encourage others when they face a crisis?

Father, even when life is tough and uncertain, please keep my faith
anchored in You, my source of salvation and strength. To learn more
about the prophet Habakkuk, visit christianuniversity.org/OT226.
