https://odb.org/2020/03/28/the-would-be-woodcutter/?utm_source=feedbur
ner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread
%29

The Would-Be Woodcutter

Cast all your anxiety on him because he cares for you.
1 Peter 5:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Kings 6:1–7

One year when I was in college, I cut, stacked, sold, and delivered
firewood. It was a hard job, so I have empathy for the hapless logger
in the 2 Kings 6 story.

Elisha’s school for prophets had prospered, and their meeting place
had become too small. Someone suggested they go into the woods, cut
logs, and enlarge their facilities. Elisha agreed and accompanied the
workers. Things were going remarkably well until someone’s axhead fell
into the water (v. 5).

Some have suggested that Elisha simply probed in the water with his
stick until he located the axhead and dragged it into sight. That
would hardly be worth mentioning, however. No, it was a miracle: The
axhead was set in motion by God’s hand and began to float so the man
could retrieve it (vv. 6–7).

The simple miracle enshrines a profound truth: God cares about the
small stuff of life—lost axheads, lost keys, lost glasses, lost
phones—the little things that cause us to fret. He doesn’t always
restore what’s lost, but He understands and comforts us in our
distress.

Next to the assurance of our salvation, the assurance of God’s care is
essential. Without it we would feel alone in the world, exposed to
innumerable worries. It’s good to know He cares and is moved by our
losses—small as they may be. Our concerns are His concerns.

By:  David H. Roper

Reflect & Pray

What “little” things are troubling you that you can cast on God right
now? How does it encourage you to know that you can be assured of His
daily care for you?

Loving God, here are my concerns. Please take them, provide as You see
best, and give me Your peace.
