https://odb.org/2019/12/16/what-youre-worth/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

What You’re Worth

The Lord said to me, “Throw it to the potter!”
Zechariah 11:13

Today's Scripture & Insight: Zechariah 11:4–13

Now an accomplished writer, Caitlin describes the depression she
battled after fighting off an assault. The emotional violence cut
deeper than her physical struggle, for she felt it proved “how
undesirable I was. I was not the kind of girl you wanted to get to
know.” She felt unworthy of love, the kind of person others use and
toss aside.

God understands. He lovingly shepherded Israel, but when He asked them
what He was worth, “they paid me thirty pieces of silver” (Zechariah
11:12). This was the price of a slave; what masters must be reimbursed
should their slave be accidentally killed (Exodus 21:32). God was
insulted to be offered the lowest possible value—look at “the handsome
price at which they valued me!” He said sarcastically (Zechariah
11:13). And He had Zechariah throw the money away.

Jesus understands. He wasn’t merely betrayed by His friend; He was
betrayed with contempt. The Jewish leaders despised Christ, so they
offered Judas thirty pieces of silver—the lowest price you could put
on a person—and he took it (Matthew 26:14–15; 27:9). Judas thought so
little of Jesus he sold Him for nearly nothing.

If people undervalued Jesus, don’t be surprised when they undervalue
you. Your value isn’t what others say. It’s not even what you say.
It’s entirely and only what God says. He thinks you are worth dying
for.

By:  Mike Wittmer

Reflect & Pray

How would you describe your value? Who can you help to grasp true
value?

I’m grateful that I’m valued by You, God!
