http://odb.org/2010/04/02/like-a-lamb/

Like A Lamb

He was led as a lamb to the slaughter, and as a sheep before its
shearers is silent, so He opened not His mouth. —
Isaiah 53:7

Today's Scripture: John 15:9-17

In 1602, Italian artist Caravaggio produced a painting called The
Taking of Christ. This work, an early example of the Baroque style, is
compelling. Created in dark hues, it allows the viewer to contemplate
Jesus’ arrest in the Garden of Gethsemane. Two main elements of the
scene depicted in the painting demand the observer’s attention. The
first is Judas as he delivers the traitor’s kiss. Immediately,
however, the viewer’s focus is drawn toward Jesus’ hands, which are
passively clasped together to show that He offered no resistance to
this injustice. Although He possessed the power to create a universe,
Christ gave Himself up voluntarily to His captors and to the waiting
cross.

Long before this scene took place, Jesus told His listeners that no
one could take His life from Him—He would lay it down willingly (John
10:18). This heart of voluntary surrender was prophesied by Isaiah,
who wrote, “He was led as a lamb to the slaughter, and as a sheep
before its shearers is silent, so He opened not His mouth” (Isa.
53:7).

Christ’s lamblike self-sacrifice is a grand indicator of His powerful
love. “Greater love has no one than this,” He explained, “than to lay
down one’s life for his friends” (John 15:13). Think of it. Jesus
loved you that much!

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Love sent the Savior to die in my stead. Why should He love me so?
Meekly to Calvary’s cross He was led. Why should He love me so?
—Harkness

The nail-pierced hands of Jesus reveal the love-filled heart of God.
