https://odb.org/2018/09/22/blessing-of-encouragers/?utm_source=feedbur
ner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread
%29

The Blessing of Encouragers

But Barnabas took [Saul] and brought him to the apostles.
Acts 9:27

Today's Scripture & Insight: Acts 9:26–31

The 2010 movie The King’s Speech tells the story of England’s King
George VI, who unexpectedly became monarch when his brother abandoned
the throne. With the country on the brink of World War II, government
officials wanted a well-spoken leader because of the increasingly
influential role of radio. King George VI, however, struggled with a
stuttering problem.

I was especially drawn to the film’s portrayal of George’s wife,
Elizabeth. Throughout his struggle to overcome his speech difficulty,
she was his constant source of encouragement. Her steadfast devotion
provided the support he needed to overcome his challenge and rule well
during the war.

The Bible highlights the stories of encouragers who gave powerful
assistance during challenging circumstances. Moses had Aaron and Hur’s
support during Israel’s battles (Exodus 17:8–16). Elizabeth encouraged
her pregnant relative Mary (Luke 1:42–45).

After his conversion, Paul needed the support of Barnabas, whose name
literally means “son of encouragement.” When the disciples were
fearful of Paul, Barnabas, at the risk of his own reputation, vouched
for him (Acts 9:27). His endorsement was essential to Paul being
welcomed by the Christian community. Barnabas later served as Paul’s
traveling and preaching companion (Acts 14). Despite the dangers, they
worked together to proclaim the gospel.

Believers in Jesus are still called to “encourage one another and
build each other up” (1 Thessalonians 5:11). May we be eager to offer
encouragement to help support others, especially as they face
difficult circumstances.

By:  Lisa M. Samra

This article may not have a prayer section.




