http://odb.org/2015/02/14/a-matter-of-love/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Matter Of Love

You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart, with all your
soul, and with all your strength. —
Deuteronomy 6:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: Mark 12:28-34

“Where intellect and emotion clash, the heart often has the greater
wisdom” wrote the authors of A General Theory of Love. In the past,
they say, people believed that the mind should rule the heart, but
science has now discovered the opposite to be true. “Who we are and
who we become depends, in part, on whom we love.”

Those familiar with Scripture recognize this as an ancient truth, not
a new discovery. The most important commandment God gave to His people
gives the heart the prominent place. “You shall love the Lord your God
with all your heart, with all your soul, and with all your strength”
(Deut. 6:5). Not until the gospels of Mark and Luke do we learn that
Jesus added the word mind (Mark 12:30; Luke 10:27). So, what
scientists are just now discovering, the Bible taught all along.

Those of us who follow Christ also know the importance of whom we
love. When we obey the greatest commandment and make God the object of
our love, we can be assured of having a purpose that transcends
anything we could imagine or our strength could achieve. When our
desire for God dominates our hearts, our minds will stay focused on
ways to serve Him, and our actions will further His kingdom on earth
and in heaven.

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

Lord, we long to make You the supreme desire of our heart. As You
taught Your disciples to pray, so too we ask You to teach us how to
love. Guide us today.

Count as lost each day you have not used in loving God. —Brother
Lawrence
