https://odb.org/2020/06/05/humility-and-patience/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

Useful Temptation

Humbly accept the word planted in you, which can save you.
James 1:21

Today's Scripture & Insight: James 1:2–5, 12–21

Fifteenth-century monk Thomas à Kempis, in the beloved classic The
Imitation of Christ, offers a perspective on temptation that might be
a bit surprising. Instead of focusing on the pain and difficulties
temptation can lead to, he writes, “[temptations] are useful because
they can make us humble, they can cleanse us, and they can teach us.”
Kempis explains, “The key to victory is true humility and patience; in
them we overcome the enemy.”

Humility and patience. How different my walk with Christ would be if
that were how I naturally responded to temptation! More often, I react
with shame, frustration, and impatient attempts to get rid of the
struggle.

But, as we learn from James 1, the temptations and trials we face
don’t have to be without purpose or merely a threat we endure.
Although giving in to temptation can bring heartbreak and devastation
(vv. 13–15), when we turn to God with humble hearts seeking His wisdom
and grace, we find He “gives generously to all without finding fault”
(v. 5). Through His power in us, our trials and struggles to resist
sin build perseverance, “so that [we] may be mature and complete, not
lacking anything” (v. 4).

As we trust in Jesus, there’s no reason to live in fear. As God’s
dearly loved children, we can find peace as we rest in His loving arms
even as we face temptation.

By:  Monica La Rose

Reflect & Pray

How might an attitude of humility and patience change how you respond
to a current temptation or struggle? How is it freeing?

Jesus, I’m saddened when I realize how often I try to face life’s
temptations and struggles on my own—as if I’m self-sufficient, as if I
don’t need You. Thank You for Your unending love and patience with me.
