https://odb.org/2017/12/12/the-cure-for-anxiety/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Cure for Anxiety

Do not be anxious about anything, but in every situation, by prayer
and petition, with thanksgiving, present your requests to God.
Philippians 4:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: Philippians 4:1–9

We were excited about moving for my husband’s job. But the unknowns
and challenges left me feeling anxious. Thoughts of sorting and
packing up belongings. Looking for a place to live. My finding a new
job too. Making my way around a new city, and getting settled. It was
all . . . unsettling. As I thought about my “to-do” list, words
written by the apostle Paul echoed in my mind: Don’t worry, but pray
(Phil. 4:6–7).

If anyone could have been anxious about unknowns and challenges, it
would have been Paul. He was shipwrecked. He was beaten. He was
jailed. In his letter to the Philippian church, he encouraged his
friends who also were facing unknowns, telling them, “Do not be
anxious about anything, but in every situation, by prayer and
petition, with thanksgiving, present your requests to God” (v. 6).

Paul’s words encourage me. Life is not without uncertainties—whether
they come in the form of a major life transition, family issues,
health scares, or financial trouble. What I continue to learn is that
God cares. He invites us to let go of our fears of the unknown by
giving them to Him. When we do, He, who knows all things, promises
that His peace, “which transcends all understanding, will guard” our
heart and mind in Christ Jesus (v. 7).

By:  Karen Wolfe

Reflect & Pray

Dear God, what a blessing to know we do not have to be anxious about
anything! Remind us that we can come to You and tell You about
everything. Thank You for who You are and what You are doing in our
lives.

God’s care for me eases my mind.
