https://odb.org/2019/12/28/never-forgotten/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Never Forgotten

I will not forget you!
Isaiah 49:15

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 49:8–16

Egged on by my children to prove I’d endured years mastering the
basics of piano, I sat down and started playing the C Major scale.
Having played very little piano in nearly two decades, I was surprised
I remembered! Feeling brave, I proceeded to play seven different
scales by heart one right after the other. I was shocked! Years of
practicing had imprinted the notes and technique so deeply in my
fingers’ “memory” that they instantly knew what to do.

There are some things that can never be forgotten. But God’s love for
His children is far more deeply imprinted than any of our fading
memories—in fact, God can’t forget them. This is what the Israelites
needed to hear when the exile left them feeling abandoned by Him
(Isaiah 49:14). His response through Isaiah was unequivocal: “I will
not forget you!” (v. 15). God’s promise to care for His people was
more certain than a mother’s love for her child.

To assure them of His unchanging love, He gave them a picture of His
commitment: “See, I have engraved you on the palms of my hands” (v.
16). It’s a beautiful image of God’s constant awareness of His
children; their names and faces always before Him.

Still today, we can easily feel overlooked and forgotten. How
comforting to remember that we’re “etched” on God’s hands—always
remembered, cared for, and loved by our Father.

By:  Lisa M. Samra

Reflect & Pray

When have you felt forgotten or abandoned? In what ways has God always
been present with you to remind you of His constant love?

Jesus, thank You that I’m never forgotten by You. When I feel
abandoned by others, help me to remember and rest in Your never-
ending, constant love.
