http://odb.org/2015/01/13/out-of-the-darkness/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Out Of The Darkness

I cried out to God . . . . Who is so great a God as our God? —
Psalm 77:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 77:1-15

I don’t know what desperate situation gripped Asaph, the writer of
Psalm 77, but I’ve heard, and made, similar laments. Over the past
dozen years since I lost my daughter, many others who have experienced
the loss of a loved one have shared with me heartbreaking sentiments
like these:

Crying out to God (v.1). Stretching empty arms heavenward (v.2).
Experiencing troubling thoughts about God because of horrible
circumstances (v.3). Enduring unspeakable trouble (v.4). Cowering
under the feeling of being cast aside (v.7). Fearing failed promises
(v.8). Fearing a lack of mercy (v.8).

But a turnaround occurs for Asaph in verse 10 through a recollection
of God’s great works. Thoughts turn to God’s love. To memories of what
He has done. To His marvelous deeds of old. To the comfort of God’s
faithfulness and mercy. To reminders of God’s wonders and greatness.
To His strength and redemption.

Despair is real in this life, and answers do not come easily. Yet in
the darkness—as we remember God’s glory, majesty, power, and love—our
despair can slowly subside. Like Asaph, we can rehearse God’s acts,
especially the salvation He brought through Jesus, and we can return
to where we once were—resting gratefully in His mighty love.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

Lord, we cannot fathom the depth of Your character or the wisdom of
Your actions when trouble visits us. Help us to inch our way back into
Your arms through a rehearsal of Your goodness and a recollection of
Your glorious love.

Remembering the past can bring hope to the present.
