http://odb.org/2014/08/26/spiritual-navigation/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Spiritual Navigation

Your word is a lamp to my feet and a light to my path. —
Psalm 119:105

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 119:97-106

Dava Sobel’s award-winning book Longitude describes a dilemma faced by
early sailors. They could readily determine their latitude north or
south of the equator by the length of the day or height of the sun.
Calculating east/west longitude, however, remained complex and
unreliable until English clockmaker John Harrison invented the marine
chronometer. This was “a clock that would carry the true time from the
home port . . . to any remote corner of the world,” thus enabling
sailors to determine longitude.

As we navigate the seas of life, we also have a reliable source of
spiritual direction—the Bible. The psalmist wrote, “Oh, how I love
Your law! It is my meditation all the day” (Ps. 119:97). Rather than
occasionally glancing at God’s Word, he spoke of pondering the Lord’s
directions throughout each day: “Your testimonies are my meditation”
(v.99). This was coupled with a commitment to obey the Author: “I have
sworn and confirmed that I will keep Your righteous judgments”
(v.106).

Like the mariners of old, we need a constant guide to help us find our
way and stay on course. That’s what happens when we seek the Lord day
by day with an open heart and a willing spirit that says, “Your word
is a lamp to my feet and a light to my path.”

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

We need God’s guidance from above, His daily leading and His love; As
we trust Him for direction, To our course He’ll give correction.
—Fitzhugh

With God as your navigator, you’re headed in the right direction.
