https://odb.org/2020/11/12/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Long Way

God did not lead them on the road through the Philistine country,
though that was shorter.
Exodus 13:17

Today's Scripture & Insight: Exodus 13:17–18

As his peers were promoted one by one, Benjamin couldn’t help but feel
a little envious. “How come you’re not a manager yet? You deserve it,”
friends told him. But Ben decided to leave his career to God. “If this
is God’s plan for me, I’ll just do my job well,” he replied.

Several years later, Ben was finally promoted. By then, his added
experience enabled him to do his job confidently and won him the
respect of subordinates. Some of his peers, meanwhile, were still
struggling with their supervisory responsibilities, as they had been
promoted before they were ready. Ben realized God had taken him the
“long way around” so that he would be better prepared for his role.

When God led the Israelites out of Egypt (Exodus 13:17–18), He chose a
longer way because the “shortcut” to Canaan was fraught with risk. The
longer journey, note Bible commentators, also gave them more time to
strengthen themselves physically, mentally, and spiritually for
subsequent battles.

The shortest way isn’t always the best. Sometimes God lets us take the
longer route in life, whether it’s in our career or other endeavors,
so that we’ll be better prepared for the journey ahead. When things
don’t seem to happen quickly enough, we can trust in God—the One who
leads and guides us.

By:  Leslie Koh

Reflect & Pray

How might God be strengthening you by letting you take the “longer
way” in life? How can you remind yourself to keep trusting Him?

Loving God, You know how I feel when things don’t seem to happen
quickly enough. Grant me the patience to trust in You and in Your
sovereign plan and purpose.
