https://odb.org/2020/12/26/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Who Needs Me?

When you get there, anoint Hazael king over Aram.
1 Kings 19:15

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Kings 19:9–12, 15–18

While on a red-eye flight to Washington, DC, opinion writer Arthur
Brooks overheard an elderly woman whisper to her husband, “It’s not
true that no one needs you anymore.” The man murmured something about
wishing he were dead, and his wife replied, “Oh, stop saying that.”
When the flight ended, Brooks turned around and immediately recognized
the man. He was a world-famous hero. Other passengers shook his hand,
and the pilot thanked him for the courage he displayed decades ago.
How had this giant sunk into despair?

The prophet Elijah bravely and single-handedly defeated 450 prophets
of Baal—or so he thought (1 Kings 18). Yet he hadn’t really done it
alone; God was there all along! But later, feeling all alone, he asked
God to take his life.

God lifted Elijah’s spirits by bringing him into His presence and
giving him new people to serve. He must go and “anoint Hazael king
over Aram,” Jehu “king over Israel,” and Elisha “to succeed you as
prophet” (19:15–16). Invigorated with renewed purpose, Elijah found
and mentored his successor.

Your great victories may lie in the rearview mirror. You may feel your
life has peaked, or that it never did. No matter. Look around. The
battles may seem smaller, the stakes less profound, but there are
still others who need you. Serve them well for Jesus’ sake, and it
will count. They’re your purpose—the reason you’re still here.

By:  Mike Wittmer

Reflect & Pray

Who can you serve today for Christ? Why is it so vital for you to
reach out to others with God’s love?

Holy Spirit, open my eyes to those I can serve for Jesus’ sake.
