https://odb.org/2018/09/16/the-right-way-to-pray/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

The Right Way to Pray

When you pray, go into your room, close the door and pray to your
Father, who is unseen.
Matthew 6:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 6:5–15

I admire people who record prayer requests in journals tattered from
daily handling, those who keep track of every prayer and praise and
then faithfully update their lists. I’m inspired by those who gather
with others to pray and whose kneeling wears out the carpet at their
bedsides. For years, I tried to copy their styles, to emulate a
perfect prayer life, and to imitate the eloquence of the so-much-more-
articulate-than-me folks. I strived to unravel what I thought was a
mystery, as I longed to learn the right way to pray.

Eventually, I learned that our Lord simply desires prayer that begins
and ends with humility (Matthew 6:5). He invites us into an intimate
exchange through which He promises to listen (v. 6). He never requires
fancy or memorized words or phrases (v. 7). He assures us that prayer
is a gift, an opportunity to honor His majesty (vv. 9–10), to display
our confidence in His provision (v. 11), and to affirm our security in
His forgiveness and guidance (vv. 12–13).

God assures us He hears and cares about every single spoken and
unspoken prayer, as well as the prayers that slip down our cheeks as
silent tears. As we place our trust in God and His perfect love for
us, we can be sure praying with a humble heart that’s surrendered to
and dependent on Him is always the right way to pray.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

Lord, thank You for reminding us You hear every prayer.

Calling on Jesus as our loving Savior and Lord is the right way to
pray.
