http://odb.org/2016/03/31/follow-me-3/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_mediu
m=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Follow Me

It is not the healthy who need a doctor, but the sick.
Mark 2:17

Today's Scripture & Insight: Mark 2:13-17

Health clubs offer many different programs for those who want to lose
weight and stay healthy. One fitness center caters only to those who
want to lose at least 50 pounds and develop a healthy lifestyle. One
member says that she quit her previous fitness club because she felt
the slim and fit people were staring at her and judging her out-of-
shape body. She now works out 5 days a week and is achieving healthy
weight loss in a positive and welcoming environment.

Two thousand years ago, Jesus came to call the spiritually unfit to
follow Him. Levi was one such person. Jesus saw him sitting in his tax
collector’s booth and said, “Follow me” (Mark 2:14). His words
captured Levi’s heart, and he followed Jesus. Tax collectors were
often greedy and dishonest in their dealings and were considered
religiously unclean. When the religious leaders saw Jesus having
dinner at Levi’s house with other tax collectors, they asked, “Why
does he eat with tax collectors and sinners?” (2:16). Jesus replied,
“I have not come to call the righteous, but sinners” (2:17).

Jesus came to save sinners, which includes all of us. He loves us,
welcomes us into His presence, and calls us to follow Him. As we walk
with Him, we grow more and more spiritually fit.

By:  Marvin Williams

Reflect & Pray

Read Acts 9:10-19 and see how one man obeyed God and welcomed someone
who was considered spiritually unfit. What were the results? How can
you reach out to those who need the Savior? How can you help your
church become a more welcoming place for the spiritually unfit?

Jesus’ arms of welcome are always open.
