https://odb.org/2020/10/24/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Surviving Drought

The one who trusts in the Lord . . . will be like a tree planted by
the water.
Jeremiah 17:7–8

Today's Scripture & Insight: Jeremiah 17:5–8

In April 2019, a suburban neighborhood in Victorville, California,
became buried in tumbleweeds. High winds pushed the rolling thistles
into the development from the adjacent Mojave Desert where the plant
grows. At maturity, the pesky weed can grow to up to six feet in
height—a formidable size when it releases itself from its roots to
“tumble” with the wind to scatter its seeds.

Tumbleweeds are what I picture when I read Jeremiah’s description of a
person “whose heart turns away from the Lord ” (Jeremiah 17:5). He
says that those who draw their strength from “mere flesh” will be like
“a bush in the wastelands” and be unable to “see prosperity when it
comes” (vv. 5–6). In sharp contrast are those who put their trust in
God instead of people. Like trees, their strong, deep roots draw
strength from Him, enabling them to remain full of life, even in the
midst of drought-like circumstances.

Tumbleweeds and trees both have roots. Tumbleweeds, however, don’t
stay connected to their life-source, causing them to dry out and die.
Trees, on the other hand, remain connected to their roots, enabling
them to flourish and thrive, anchored to that which will sustain them
in times of difficulty. When we hold fast to God, drawing strength and
encouragement from the wisdom found in the Bible and talking to Him in
prayer, we too can experience the life-giving, life-sustaining
nourishment He provides.

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

How has God sustained you in times of drought? What can you do today
to drive your roots more deeply into relationship with Him?

Life-giving God, You’re my sustainer. Thank You for giving me what I
need to navigate my struggles and hardships.
