http://odb.org/2012/09/06/tuning-in/

Tuning In

When he brings out his own sheep, he goes before them; and the sheep
follow him, for they know his voice. —
John 10:4

Today's Scripture: John 10:1-10

I don’t know if this is true in every marriage, but for some reason I
have a tendency to tune out everything around me and concentrate on my
own thoughts. This is especially frustrating to my wife, Martie, when
she is talking to me about something important. When she notices the
distant look in my eyes, she often says, “Have you heard anything I’ve
said?”

Listening is an important part of any relationship, especially in our
relationship with Christ. If we belong to Him, we have the privilege
of communing with Him through His Word and the work of the Holy Spirit
in our hearts. We know we are paying attention to the true Shepherd
when His voice leads us to righteousness, love, grace, and all that is
consistent with His character and will. As Jesus made clear when He
identified Himself as the “good Shepherd” in John 10, those who
diligently listen to Him become devoted followers of Him (v.4) who are
becoming transformed into His likeness.

Just as listening attentively to your spouse or a friend communicates
value and worth, paying close attention to the voice of Jesus is one
way to affirm His importance in your life. So, let’s cast aside the
distractions of life, tune in to His voice, and pray for the grace to
do what He says.

By:  Joe Stowell

Reflect & Pray

I would be prayerful through each busy moment; I would be constantly
in touch with God; I would be tuned to hear His slightest whisper; I
would have faith to keep the path Christ trod. —Walter

Listening to Jesus is the first step to following Him.
