https://odb.org/2020/05/17/whats-in-a-name-5/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

What’s in a Name?

[Jesus] was the son, so it was thought, of Joseph.
Luke 3:23

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 3:31; 1 Chronicles 3:4–9

In God’s timing, our son Kofi was born on a Friday, which is exactly
what his name means—boy born on Friday. We named him after a Ghanaian
friend of ours, a pastor whose only son died. He prays for our Kofi
constantly. We’re deeply honored.

It’s easy to miss the significance in a name if you don’t know the
story behind it. In Luke 3, we find a fascinating detail about a name
in the ancestry of Joseph. The genealogy traces Joseph’s line backward
all the way to Adam and even to God (v. 38). In verse 31 we read: “the
son of Nathan, the son of David.” Nathan? That’s interesting. In 1
Chronicles 3:5 we learn that Nathan was born to Bathsheba.

Is it coincidence that David named Bathsheba’s child Nathan? Recall
the backstory. Bathsheba was never supposed to be David’s wife.
Another Nathan—the prophet—bravely confronted the king for abusing his
authority to exploit Bathsheba and murder her husband (see 2 Samuel
12).

David accepted the prophet’s point-blank rebuke and repented of his
horrific offenses. With the healing passage of time, he would name his
son Nathan. How appropriate that this was Bathsheba’s son, and that he
would be one of the ancestors of Joseph, Jesus’ earthly dad (Luke
3:23).

In the Bible, we keep finding God’s grace woven into everything—even
into an obscure name in a seldom-read genealogy. God’s grace is
everywhere.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

What unlikely places have you seen God’s grace showing up in your
life? How can focusing on God’s big story help you find the grace in
your part of that story?

Dear God, help us to find Your grace everywhere we look.
