https://odb.org/2018/08/06/the-joy-of-giving/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Joy of Giving

Encourage the disheartened, help the weak, be patient with everyone.
1 Thessalonians 5:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Thessalonians 5:12–24

It was a dreary week. I had been feeling lethargic and listless,
although I couldn’t figure out why.

Near the end of the week, I found out that an aunt had kidney failure.
I knew I had to visit her—but to be honest, I felt like postponing the
visit. Still, I made my way to her place, where we had dinner,
chatted, and prayed together. An hour later, I left her home feeling
upbeat for the first time in days. Focusing on someone else rather
than myself had somehow improved my mood.

Psychologists have found that the act of giving can produce
satisfaction, which comes when the giver sees the recipient’s
gratitude. Some experts even believe that humans are wired to be
generous!

Perhaps that’s why Paul, when encouraging the church in Thessalonica
to build up their faith community, urged them to “help the weak” (1
Thessalonians 5:14). Earlier, he had also cited Jesus’s words, “It is
more blessed to give than to receive” (Acts 20:35). While this was
said in the context of giving financially, it applies as well to the
giving of time and effort.

When we give, we get an insight into how God feels. We understand why
He’s so delighted to give us His love, and we share in His joy and the
satisfaction of blessing others. I think I’ll be visiting my aunt
again soon.

By:  Leslie Koh

Reflect & Pray

Father, You have made me to give to others just as You have given to
me. Teach me to give so that I can truly reflect Your character and be
more like You today.

The giver is the greatest recipient.
