https://odb.org/2019/11/07/love-you-whole-world

“Love You—Whole World”

God is love. Whoever lives in love lives in God, and God in them.
1 John 4:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 John 4:7–19

My three-year old niece, Jenna, has an expression that never fails to
melt my heart. When she loves something (really loves it), be it
banana cream pie, jumping on the trampoline, or playing Frisbee,
she’ll proclaim, “I love it—whole world!” (“whole world” accompanied
with a dramatic sweep of her arms).

Sometimes I wonder, When’s the last time I’ve dared to love like that?
With nothing held back, completely unafraid?

“God is love,” John wrote repeatedly (1 John 4:8, 16), perhaps because
the truth that God’s love—not our anger, fear, or shame—is the deepest
foundation of reality, is hard for us grown-ups to “get.” The world
divides us into camps based on what we’re most afraid of—and all too
often we join in, ignoring or villainizing the voices that challenge
our preferred vision of reality.

Yet amid the deception and power struggles (vv. 5–6), the truth of
God’s love remains, a light that shines in the darkness, inviting us
to learn the path of humility, trust, and love (1:7–9; 3:18). For no
matter what painful truths the light uncovers, we can know that we’ll
still be loved (4:10, 18; Romans 8:1).

When Jenna leans over and whispers to me, “I love you—whole world!” I
whisper back, “I love you whole world!” And I’m grateful for a gentle
reminder that every moment I’m held in limitless love and grace.

By:  Monica La Rose

Reflect & Pray

When do you find yourself feeling pressured to believe fear is greater
than love? How might your relationships with others change if you
believed you don’t need to be afraid?

Loving God, thank You for Your love. Help us to trust in and follow
Your light and love even when the way gets dark.
