http://odb.org/2015/04/29/access-to-god/

Access To God

Let us therefore come boldly to the throne of grace, that we may
obtain mercy and find grace to help in time of need. —
Hebrews 4:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 John 5:6-15

Technology is a blessing in so many ways. Need a bit of information
about a health problem? All you have to do is access the Internet
where you instantaneously get a list of options to guide your search.
Need to contact a friend? Just send a text, email, or Facebook post.
But technology can also be frustrating at times. The other day I
needed to access some information in my bank account and was asked a
list of security questions. Unable to recall the exact answers, I was
blocked from my own account. Or think of the times when an important
conversation is cut off because of a dead cellphone battery, with no
way to reconnect until you find a plug to recharge it.

All of this makes me delighted with the reality that when I need to
access God in prayer, there are no security questions and no batteries
required. I love the assurance that John gives when he says, “Now this
is the confidence that we have in Him, that if we ask anything
according to His will, He hears us” (1 John 5:14).

God is always accessible, for He never slumbers nor sleeps! (Ps.
121:4). And thanks to His love for us, He is waiting and ready to
listen.

By:  Joe Stowell

Reflect & Pray

Lord, thank You for desiring communication with me and for the
reassurance that You are indeed listening and ready to help in time of
need. Teach us to come to You with confidence in Your attentive love
for us.

God is always accessible in our time of need.
