https://odb.org/2021/01/05/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Ripening Process

When your words came, I ate them; they were my joy and my heart’s
delight.
Jeremiah 15:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: Jeremiah 15:15–18

Early in his fifty-year ministry in Cambridge, England, Charles Simeon
(1759–1836) met a neighboring pastor, Henry Venn, and his daughters.
After the visit, the daughters remarked how harsh and self-assertive
the young man seemed. In response, Venn asked his daughters to pick a
peach from the trees. When they wondered why their father would want
the unripe fruit, he responded, “Well, my dears, it is green now, and
we must wait; but a little more sun, and a few more showers, and the
peach will be ripe and sweet. So it is with Mr. Simeon.”

Over the years Simeon did soften through God’s transforming grace. One
reason was his commitment to read the Bible and pray every day. A
friend who stayed with him for a few months witnessed this practice
and remarked, “Here was the secret of his great grace and spiritual
strength.”

Simeon in his daily time with God followed the practice of the prophet
Jeremiah, who faithfully listened for God’s words. Jeremiah depended
on them so much that he said, “When your words came, I ate them.” He
mulled and chewed over God’s words, which were his “joy” and “heart’s
delight” (Jeremiah 15:16).

If we too resemble a sour green fruit, we can trust that God will help
to soften us through His Spirit as we get to know Him through reading
and obeying the Scriptures.

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

How has reading the Bible changed you? Why might you sometimes not
read it?

God, the Scriptures feed me and protect me from sin. Help me to read
them every day.
