http://odb.org/2015/05/06/the-school-of-pain/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The School Of Pain

I know, O Lord, that Your judgments are right, and that in
faithfulness You have afflicted me. —
Psalm 119:75

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 119:65-80

In his book The Problem of Pain, C. S. Lewis observes that “God
whispers to us in our pleasures, speaks in our conscience, but shouts
in our pains: it is His megaphone to rouse a deaf world.” Suffering
often helps us to redirect our focus. It shifts our thinking from
immediate circumstances so we can listen to God concerning His work in
our lives. Life as usual is replaced by a spiritual schoolroom.

In the Old Testament, we read how the psalmist maintained a teachable
heart even during painful circumstances. He accepted them as
orchestrated by God, and in submission he prayed, “In faithfulness You
have afflicted me” (Ps. 119:75). Isaiah the prophet viewed suffering
as a refining process: “Behold, I have refined you, but not as silver;
I have tested you in the furnace of affliction” (Isa. 48:10). And Job,
despite his laments, learned about the sovereignty and greatness of
God through his troubles (Job 40–42).

We are not alone in our experience of pain. God Himself took on human
form and suffered greatly: “For to this you were called, because
Christ also suffered for us, leaving us an example, that you should
follow His steps” (1 Peter 2:21). The One with nail-scarred hands is
near. He will comfort us and teach us in our suffering.

By:  Dennis Fisher

Reflect & Pray

Dear Lord, life is so hard sometimes. I confess that I don’t always
see Your purpose in my trials. Help me to trust You, and teach me to
become the person that You desire me to be.

We learn the lesson of trust in the school of trial.
