https://odb.org/2019/04/15/the-marks-of-friendship/?utm_source=feedbur
ner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread
%29

The Marks of Friendship

You are my friends if you do what I command.
John 15:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 15:9–17

As a little boy growing up in Ghana, I enjoyed holding my father’s
hand and walking with him in crowded places. He was both my father and
my friend, for holding hands in my culture is a mark of true
friendship. Walking along, we would talk about a variety of subjects.
Whenever I felt lonely, I found consolation with my father. How I
valued our companionship!

The Lord Jesus called His followers friends, and He showed them the
marks of His friendship. “As the Father has loved me, so I have loved
you,” He said (John 15:9), even laying down His life for them (v. 13).
He showed them His kingdom business (v. 15). He taught them everything
God had given Him (v. 15). And He gave them opportunity to share in
His mission (v. 16).

As our Companion for life, Jesus walks with us. He listens to our
heartaches and our desires. When we’re lonely and downhearted, our
Friend Jesus keeps company with us.

And our companionship with Jesus is tighter when we love each other
and obey His commands (vv. 10, 17). As we obey His commands, we will
bear “fruit that will last” (v. 16).

Walking through the crowded alleys and dangerous roadways of our
troubled world, we can count on the Lord’s companionship. It’s a mark
of His friendship.

By:  Lawrence Darmani

Reflect & Pray

What does it mean for you to be a friend of Jesus? How has He revealed
His presence to you?

Heavenly Father, our friends will fail us, and we will fail them. But
You never fail, and You’ve promised to be with us “to the very end of
the age” (Matthew 28:20). Help us show our gratitude by serving You
faithfully today.
