http://odb.org/2014/10/30/music-and-megaphone/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Music And Megaphone

We have this treasure in earthen vessels, that the excellence of the
power may be of God and not of us. —
2 Corinthians 4:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Corinthians 3:17-4:7

Christopher Locke buys old trumpets, trombones, and French horns and
transforms them into acoustic amplifiers for iPhones and iPads. His
creations are modeled on the trumpetlike speakers used in the first
phonographs during the late 1800s. Music played through Christopher’s
AnalogTelePhonographers has a “louder, cleaner, richer, deeper sound”
than what is heard from the small speakers in the digital devices.
Along with being interesting works of art, these salvaged brass
instruments require no electrical power as they amplify the music
people love to hear.

Paul’s words to the followers of Jesus in Corinth remind us today that
in living for Christ and sharing Him with others, we are not the music
but only a megaphone. “For we do not preach ourselves,” Paul wrote,
“but Christ Jesus the Lord, and ourselves your bondservants for Jesus’
sake” (2 Cor. 4:5). Our purpose is not to become the message, but to
convey it through our lives and our lips. “We have this treasure in
earthen vessels, that the excellence of the power may be of God and
not of us” (v.7).

If an old horn can amplify music, then perhaps our flawed lives can
magnify the goodness of God. We’re the megaphone; the music and the
power come from Him!

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Thank You, Lord, that You can take our lives and use them in ways we
never thought possible. Help us to be the instruments that convey the
music of Your love.

Nothing is unusable in God’s hands.
