https://odb.org/2018/12/05/a-hand-up/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium
=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Hand Up

If either of them falls down, one can help the other up.
Ecclesiastes 4:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ecclesiastes 4:8–12

My children have enjoyed the thrill of a backyard ice-skating rink
during our cold Idaho winters. When they were young, learning to skate
was challenging: persuading them to deliberately set foot on the hard,
icy surface proved difficult because they knew the pain of falling.
Each time their feet slid out from under them, my husband or I would
reach out to pull them again to their feet, setting them upright and
steadying their frames.

Having someone there to help us up when we fall is the gift of a
helping hand depicted in Ecclesiastes. Working with another makes our
work sweeter and more effective (4:9), and a friend brings warmth to
our lives. When we encounter challenges, it helps to have someone come
alongside with practical and emotional support. These relationships
can give us strength, purpose, and comfort.

When we find ourselves flattened on the cold ice of life’s hardships,
is there a helping hand nearby? If so, it might be from God. Or when
someone else needs a friend, could we be God’s answer to lift them up?
In being a companion, we often find one. If it appears that no one is
nearby to lift us to our feet again, we can find comfort in knowing
that God is our ever-present help (Psalm 46:1). As we reach out to
Him, He’s ready to steady us with His firm grip.

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

Thank You, Father, for helping me up when life knocks me down. Thank
You for the people You’ve used to encourage and strengthen me. Yours
is the most faithful friendship I have.

How can you open yourself more fully to God’s presence in your life?
