http://odb.org/2014/08/28/a-picture-of-humility/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Picture Of Humility

God resists the proud, but gives grace to the humble. —
James 4:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 13:1-11

During the Easter season, my wife and I attended a church service
where the participants sought to model the events that Jesus and His
disciples experienced on the night before He was crucified. As part of
the service, the church staff members washed the feet of some of the
church volunteers. As I watched, I wondered which was more humbling in
our day—to wash another person’s feet or to have someone else wash
yours. Both those who were serving and those being served were
presenting distinct pictures of humility.

When Jesus and His disciples were gathered for the Last Supper (John
13:1-20), Jesus, in humble servanthood, washed His disciples’ feet.
But Simon Peter resisted, saying, “You shall never wash my feet!” Then
Jesus answered, “If I do not wash you, you have no part with Me”
(13:8). Washing their feet was not a mere ritual. It could also be
seen as a picture of our need of Christ’s cleansing—a cleansing that
will never be realized unless we are willing to be humble before the
Savior.

James wrote, “God resists the proud, but gives grace to the humble”
(James 4:6). We receive God’s grace when we acknowledge the greatness
of God, who humbled Himself at the cross (Phil. 2:5-11).

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

My faith looks up to Thee, Thou Lamb of Calvary, Savior divine; Now
hear me when I pray, take all my sin away, O let me from this day be
wholly Thine! —Palmer

The most powerful position on earth is kneeling before the Lord of the
universe.
