https://odb.org/2020/10/16/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Slow, but Sure

Though it is the smallest of all seeds, yet when it grows, it is the
largest of garden plants and becomes a tree.
Matthew 13:32

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 13:31–35

I ran into an old friend who told me what he’d been up to, but I
confess it seemed too good to be true. Within a few months of that
conversation, however, his band was everywhere—from charting top
singles on the radio to having a hit song pulsing under TV ads. His
rise to fame was meteoric.

We can be obsessed with significance and success—the big and the
dramatic, the quick and the meteoric. But the parables of the mustard
seed and yeast compare the way of the kingdom (God’s reign on earth)
to small, hidden, and seemingly insignificant things whose work is
slow and gradual.

The kingdom is like its King. Christ’s mission culminated in His life,
like a seed, being buried in the ground; like yeast, being hidden in
the dough. Yet He rose. Like a tree breaking through the dirt, like
bread when the heat is turned up. Jesus rose.

We’re invited to live according to His way, the way that’s persisting
and permeating. To resist the temptation to take matters into our own
hands, to grasp for power and to justify our dealings in the world by
the outcomes they may produce. The outcome—“a tree . . . that the
birds come and perch in its branches” (v. 32) and the bread that
provides a feast—will be Christ’s doing, not ours.

By:  Glenn Packiam

Reflect & Pray

What small and seemingly insignificant things could you do to
encourage or bless the people in your life? Where do you need to turn
away from comparison with others or from a false picture of
significance and success?

Dear Jesus, thank You for often working in small, hidden, and
seemingly insignificant ways. Help me to trust You’re at work even
when I can’t see You. Grant me the grace to remain faithful.
