https://odb.org/2020/09/07/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Now, then Next

He holds success in store for the upright.
Proverbs 2:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: Proverbs 2:1–11

I recently attended a high school graduation during which the speaker
provided a needed challenge for the young adults awaiting their
diplomas. He mentioned that this was a time in their lives when
everyone was asking them, “What’s next?” What career would they be
pursuing next? Where would they be going to school or working next?
Then he said that the more important question was what were they doing
now?

In the context of their faith journey, what daily decisions would they
be making that would guide them to live for Jesus and not for
themselves?

His words reminded me of the book of Proverbs, which makes many
pointed statements about how to live—now. For instance: practicing
honesty, now (11:1); choosing the right friends, now (12:26); living
with integrity, now (13:6); having good judgment, now (13:15);
speaking wisely, now (14:3).

Living for God now, by the leading of the Holy Spirit, makes the
decisions about what is next much easier. “The Lord gives wisdom; . .
. He holds success in store for the upright, . . . he guards the
course of the just and protects the way of his faithful ones” (2:6–8).
May God supply what we need for us to live by His guidelines now, and
may He guide us into what’s next for His honor.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

What changes in direction do you need to make now to honor God? How
can you seek God’s guidance and empowerment in doing so?

Thank You, heavenly Father, for Your guidance in my life today.
Protect me and give me wisdom to live in a way that both pleases You
and reveals who You are. To learn more about the spiritual life, visit
ChristianUniversity.org/SF212.
