http://odb.org/2015/03/07/the-power-to-survive/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Power To Survive

We are hard-pressed on every side, yet not crushed. —
2 Corinthians 4:8

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Corinthians 4:7-12

When I was growing up, I had an inflatable plastic punching dummy. It
was about as tall as I was and had a smiling face painted on it. My
challenge was to hit it hard enough to make it stay down. But no
matter how hard I tried, it always bounced right back up again. The
secret? There was a lead weight in the bottom that always kept it
upright. Sailboats operate by the same principle. The lead weights in
their keels provide the ballast to keep them balanced and upright in
strong winds.

It’s like that in the life of a believer in Christ. Our power to
survive challenges resides not in us but with God, who dwells within
us. We’re not exempt from the punches that life throws at us nor from
the storms that inevitably threaten our stability. But with full
confidence in His power to sustain us, we can say with Paul, “We are
hard-pressed on every side, yet not crushed; we are perplexed, but not
in despair; persecuted, but not forsaken; struck down, but not
destroyed” (2 Cor. 4:8-9).

Join the many travelers through life who through deep waters of pain
and suffering embrace with unshakable confidence the truth that God’s
grace is sufficient and that in our weakness He is made strong (12:9).
It will be the ballast to your soul.

By:  Joe Stowell

Reflect & Pray

Where do you turn for stability when you’re in a stormy season of
life? Read Anchors In The Storm by Joe Stowell online at
www.discoveryseries.org/hp073 for help.

The power of God within you is greater than the pressure of troubles
around you.
