http://odb.org/2016/11/24/game-of-thanks/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Game of Thanks

Whatever you do, . . . do it all in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving
thanks to God the Father through Him.
Colossians 3:17

Today's Scripture & Insight: Colossians 3:12–17

Every autumn we throw a scrumptious Thanksgiving feast on campus at
Cornerstone University. Our students love it! Last year a group of
students played a game at their table. They challenged each other to
name something they were thankful for—in three seconds or less—without
repeating what someone else had said. Anyone who hesitated was out of
the game.

There are all kinds of things that students might gripe about—tests,
deadlines, rules, and a host of other college-type complaints. But
these students had chosen to be thankful. And my guess is that they
all felt a lot better after the game than they would have if they had
chosen to complain.

While there will always be things to complain about, if we look
carefully there are always blessings to be thankful for. When Paul
describes our newness in Christ, “thankfulness” is the only
characteristic mentioned more than once. In fact it is mentioned three
times. “Be thankful,” he says in Colossians 3:15. Sing to God “with
gratitude in your hearts” (v. 16). And whatever you do, be sure to be
“giving thanks to God the Father” (v. 17). Paul’s instruction to be
thankful is astonishing when we consider that he wrote this letter
from prison!

Today, let’s make the choice to have an attitude of thankfulness.

By:  Joe Stowell

Reflect & Pray

Lord, teach me the liberating joy of being thankful! Help me to find
the blessings that are locked up in the things I complain about and to
regularly express my gratitude to You and others.

Choose the attitude of gratitude.
