https://odb.org/2018/10/13/he-carried-our-burden/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

He Carried Our Burden

“He himself bore our sins” in his body on the cross, so that we might
die to sins and live for righteousness; “by his wounds you have been
healed.”
1 Peter 2:24

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Peter 1:18–25

It’s not unusual for utility bills to be surprisingly high. But Kieran
Healy of North Carolina received a water bill that would make your
heart stop. The notification said that he owed 100 million dollars!
Confident he hadn’t used that much water the previous month, Healy
jokingly asked if he could pay the bill in installments.

Owing a 100-million-dollar debt would be an overwhelming burden, but
that pales in comparison to the real—and immeasurable—burden sin
causes us to carry. Attempting to carry the burden and consequences of
our own sins ultimately leaves us feeling tired and riddled with guilt
and shame. The truth is we are incapable of carrying this load.

And we were never meant to. As Peter reminded believers, only Jesus,
the sinless Son of God, could carry the heavy burden of our sin and
its weighty consequences (1 Peter 2:24). In His death on the cross,
Jesus took all our wrongdoing on Himself and offered us His
forgiveness. Because He carried our burden, we don’t have to suffer
the punishment we deserve.

Instead of living in fear or guilt, the “empty way of life handed down
to” us (1:18), we can enjoy a new life of love and freedom (vv.
22–23).

By:  Marvin Williams

Reflect & Pray

Lord, sometimes our guilt and shame can feel so heavy. Help us to
release our past and its pain to You and experience Your peace,
knowing You have carried it all and have set us free.

Jesus carried the burden of our sin so He could give us the blessing
of life.
