https://odb.org/2019/02/20/send-it-in-a-letter/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Send It in a Letter

Since the day we heard about you, we have not stopped praying for you.
Colossians 1:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: Colossians 1:9–12

Like most four-year-olds, Ruby loved to run, sing, dance, and play.
But she started complaining about pain in her knees. Ruby’s parents
took her in for tests. The results were shocking—a diagnosis of
cancer, stage 4 neuroblastoma. Ruby was in trouble. She was quickly
admitted to the hospital.

Ruby’s hospital stay lingered on, spilling over into the Christmas
season, a hard time to be away from home. One of Ruby’s nurses came up
with the idea to place a mailbox outside her room so family could send
letters full of prayers and encouragement to her. Then the plea went
out on Facebook, and that’s when the volume of mail coming in from
friends and complete strangers surprised everyone, most of all Ruby.
With each letter received (more than 100,000 total), Ruby grew a
little more encouraged, and she finally got to go home.

Paul’s letter to the people at Colossae was exactly that—a letter
(Colossians 1:2). Words penned on a page that carried hopes for
continued fruitfulness and knowledge and strength and endurance and
patience (vv. 10–11). Can you imagine what a dose of good medicine
such words were to the faithful at Colossae? Just knowing that someone
was praying nonstop for them strengthened them to stay steady in their
faith in Christ Jesus.

Our words of encouragement can dramatically help others in need.

By:  John Blase

Reflect & Pray

How have others’ words encouraged me? What opportunities do I have to
give someone else the “letter” of encouragement they need?

God, bring someone to my mind that needs encouragement. Then help me
act on Your prompting.
