http://odb.org/2014/09/28/every-hardship/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Every Hardship

My grace is sufficient for you, for My strength is made perfect in
weakness. —
2 Corinthians 12:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Corinthians 12:7-10

Like many towns, Enterprise, Alabama, has a prominent monument. But
the monument in Enterprise is unlike any other. The statue doesn’t
recognize a leading citizen; it celebrates the work of a beetle. In
the early 1900s, this boll weevil made its way from Mexico to the
southern US. Within a few years it had destroyed entire crops of
cotton, the primary source of revenue. In desperation, farmers started
growing another crop—peanuts. Realizing they had been dependent on one
crop for too long, they credited the beetle with forcing them to
diversify, which led to increased prosperity.

The boll weevil is like things that come into our lives and destroy
what we have worked hard to accomplish. Devastation results—sometimes
financial, emotional, or physical—and it is frightening. We witness
the end of life as we know it. But as the people of Enterprise
learned, the loss of what is old is an opportunity to discover
something new. God may use hardship to get us to give up a bad habit
or learn a new virtue. He used a thorn in Paul’s flesh to teach him
about grace (2 Cor. 12:7-9).

Instead of striving to preserve old habits that are no longer
effective, we can view every hardship as an opportunity for God to
cultivate a new virtue in us.

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

O much-tried saint, with fainting heart, The thorn with its abiding
pain, With all its wearing, ceaseless ache, Can be the means of
priceless gain. —Anon.

God often uses bitter experiences to make us better.
