http://odb.org/2013/07/26/taking-root/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_mediu
m=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Taking Root

Some fell on stony places, where they did not have much earth; and
they immediately sprang up. —
Matthew 13:5

Today's Scripture: Matthew 13:1-9

A small area of my yard just couldn’t seem to get going. The grass
always seemed sparse in that spot, no matter how well I watered it.

So one day I stuck a shovel into this troublesome real estate and
discovered the problem: Just below the surface was a layer of stones
about three inches deep. This led me to replace the stones with rich
topsoil in which new seeds could take root.

Jesus talked about seed and soils. In a parable in Matthew 13 about
what happens when the seed of the gospel is sown on various kinds of
ground, He said that seeds that land on stones and “not much earth”
grow quickly but then die in the sun (vv.5-6). He was speaking of one
who has heard and received the gospel, but in whose life the message
doesn’t take root. When trouble comes, this person—who is not a
genuine believer—falls away.

How grateful we can be for Jesus’ words that conclude this parable:
“He who received seed on the good ground is he who hears the Word and
understands it, who indeed bears fruit” (v.23). What a reminder of
both the privilege and the responsibility that accompanies our
salvation.

Praise God for the seed of the gospel and the soil of spiritual
growth.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

Lord, I would be soil in which You can plant Your Word with its
promise of fruit; I want to be open to You every day, So what You have
planted takes root. —Hess

A heart open to God is soil in which the seed of His Word can
flourish.
