https://odb.org/2019/06/30/through-a-new-lens/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Through a New Lens

God’s invisible qualities—his eternal power and divine nature—have
been clearly seen, being understood from what has been made.
Romans 1:20

Today's Scripture & Insight: Exodus 25:31–40

“It must be amazing to look at a tree and see the individual leaves
instead of just a blur of green!” my dad said. I couldn’t have said it
better. I was eighteen at the time and not a fan of my new need to
wear glasses, but they changed the way I saw everything, making the
blurry beautiful!

When reading Scripture, I view certain books like I do when I look at
trees without my glasses. There doesn’t seem to be much to see. But
noticing details can reveal the beauty in what might seem to be a
boring passage.

This happened to me when I was reading Exodus. God’s directions for
building the tabernacle—His temporary dwelling place among the
Israelites­—can seem like a blur of boring details. But I paused at
the end of chapter 25 where God gave directions for the lampstand. It
was to be hammered out “of pure gold,” including its base and shaft
and its flowerlike cups, buds, and blossoms (v. 31). The cups were to
be “shaped like almond flowers” (v. 34).

Almond trees are breathtaking. And God incorporated that same natural
beauty into His tabernacle!

Paul wrote, “God’s invisible qualities—his eternal power and divine
nature” are seen and understood in creation (Romans 1:20). To see
God’s beauty, sometimes we have to look at creation, and what might
seem like uninteresting passages in the Bible, through a new lens.

By:  Julie Schwab

Reflect & Pray

How can you look at Scripture in a new way to see God’s beauty in it?
How has God’s beautiful creation drawn you closer to Him?


