https://odb.org/2017/07/07/the-ultimate-good/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Ultimate Good

I consider everything a loss because of the surpassing worth of
knowing Christ Jesus my Lord.
Philippians 3:8

Today's Scripture & Insight: Philippians 3:1–11

As I was growing up in Jamaica, my parents raised my sister and me to
be “good people.” In our home, good meant obeying our parents, telling
the truth, being successful in school and work, and going to church .
. .  at least Easter and Christmas. I imagine this definition of being
a good person is familiar to many people, regardless of culture. In
fact, the apostle Paul, in Philippians 3, used his culture’s
definition of being good to make a greater point.

Paul, being a devout first-century Jew, followed the letter of the
moral law in his culture. He was born into the “right” family, had the
“right” education, and practiced the “right” religion. He was the real
deal in terms of being a good person according to Jewish custom. In
verse 4, Paul writes that he could boast in all of his goodness if he
wanted to. But, as good as he was, Paul told his readers (and us) that
there is something more than being good. He knew that being good,
while good, was not the same as pleasing God.

Pleasing God, Paul writes in verses 7–8, involves knowing Jesus. Paul
considered his own goodness as “garbage” when compared to “the
surpassing worth of knowing Christ Jesus.” We are good—and we please
God—when our hope and faith are in Christ alone, not in our goodness.

By:  Karen Wolfe

Reflect & Pray

Dear God, as I seek to live a good life, help me remember that knowing
Jesus is the way to ultimate goodness. Our Daily Bread welcomes writer
Karen Wolfe! Meet Karen and all our authors at odb.org/all-authors.

We are good—and we please God—when our hope and faith are in Christ
alone, not in our goodness.
