https://odb.org/2019/10/18/when-we-praise/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

When We Praise

At once all the prison doors flew open, and everyone’s chains came
loose.
Acts 16:26

Today's Scripture & Insight: Acts 16:25–34

When nine-year-old Willie was abducted from his front yard in 2014, he
sang his favorite gospel song Every Praise over and over again. During
the three-hour ordeal, Willie ignored the kidnapper’s repeated orders
to keep silent as they drove around. Eventually, the kidnapper let
Willie out of the car unharmed. Later, Willie described the encounter,
saying that while he felt his fear give way to faith, the abductor
seemed agitated by the song.

Willie’s response to his dire situation is reminiscent of the
experience shared by Paul and Silas. After being flogged and thrown
into jail, they reacted by “praying and singing hymns to God, and the
other prisoners were listening to them. Suddenly there was such a
violent earthquake that the foundations of the prison were shaken. At
once all the prison doors flew open, and everyone’s chains came loose”
(Acts 16:25–26).

Upon witnessing this awesome demonstration of power, the jailer
believed in the God of Paul and Silas, and his entire household was
baptized along with him (vv. 27–34). Through the avenue of praise,
both physical and spiritual chains were broken that night.

We may not always experience a visibly dramatic rescue like Paul and
Silas, or like Willie. But we know that God responds to the praises of
His people! When He moves, chains fall apart.

By:  Remi Oyedele

Reflect & Pray

What lessons do you learn from the prayer session held by Paul and
Silas? How can you apply these principles to the difficult
circumstances you experience?

“[God], You are holy, enthroned in the praises of Israel.” Psalm 22:3
( nkjv )
