https://odb.org/2017/06/09/a-reason-to-sing/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Reason to Sing

Sing praises to God, sing praises; sing praises to our King, sing
praises.
Psalm 47:6

Today's Scripture: 2 Chronicles 20:14–22

Singing changes the brain! Some studies show that when we sing, our
bodies release hormones that relieve anxiety and stress. Other
research indicates that when a group of people sings together, their
heartbeats actually synchronize with each other.

The apostle Paul’s writing encourages the church to speak to one
another with psalms, hymns, and spiritual songs (Eph. 5:19). And the
Bible repeats, “Sing praise” more than fifty times.

In 2 Chronicles 20, we read a story of God’s people demonstrating
their trust in God by singing as they marched into battle. Enemies
were heading toward the people of Judah. Alarmed, King Jehoshaphat
called everyone together. He led the community in intense prayer. They
didn’t eat or drink, but only prayed, “We don’t know what to do, but
our eyes are on you” (v. 12). The next day, they set out. They weren’t
led by their fiercest warriors, but by their choir. They believed
God’s promise that they would be delivered without having to fight at
all (v. 17).

While they sang and walked toward the conflict, their enemies fought
each other! By the time God’s people reached the battlefield, the
fighting had ended. God saved His people as they marched by faith
toward the unknown, singing His praises.

God encourages us to praise Him for good reasons. Whether or not we
are marching into battle, praising God has power to change our
thoughts, our hearts, and our lives.

By:  Amy Peterson

Reflect & Pray

God, we praise Your everlasting love and faithfulness! You protect and
guide us, and we trust You with our lives.

Hearts in tune with God sing His praises.
