https://odb.org/2020/07/15/treasure-the-moments/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Treasure the Moments

[God] has made everything beautiful in its time.
Ecclesiastes 3:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ecclesiastes 3:1–14

Su Dongpo (also known as Su Shi) was one of China’s greatest poets and
essayists. While in exile and gazing upon a full moon, he wrote a poem
to describe how much he missed his brother. “We rejoice and grieve,
gather and leave, while the moon waxes and wanes. Since times of old,
nothing remains perfect,” he writes. “May our loved ones live long,
beholding this beautiful scene together though thousands of miles
apart.”

His poem carries themes found in the book of Ecclesiastes. The author,
known as the Teacher (1:1), observed that there’s “a time to weep and
a time to laugh . . . a time to embrace and a time to refrain from
embracing” (3:4–5). By pairing two contrasting activities, the
Teacher, like Su Dongpo, seems to suggest that all good things must
inevitably come to an end.

As Su Dongpo saw the waxing and waning of the moon as another sign
that nothing remains perfect, the Teacher also saw in creation God’s
providential ordering of the world He’d made. God oversees the course
of events, and “He has made everything beautiful in its time” (v. 11).

Life may be unpredictable and sometimes filled with painful
separations, but we can take heart that everything takes place under
God’s gaze. We can enjoy life and treasure the moments—the good and
the bad—for our loving God is with us.

By:  Poh Fang Chia

Reflect & Pray

What are some things you’re afraid to try because of life’s
unpredictability? How can you lean on Jesus as you step forward in
courage to forge new friendships and deepen relationships?

Thank You, loving Father, for watching over all seasons of my life.
Help me to trust in You and enjoy the life You’ve given me.
