https://odb.org/2019/01/30/algae-and-diatoms/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Algae and Diatoms

Stop and consider God’s wonders.
Job 37:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: Job 37:14–24

“What’s a diatom?” I asked my friend. I was leaning over her shoulder
looking at pictures on her cell phone she had taken through a
microscope. “Oh, it’s like algae, but it’s harder to see. Sometimes
you need a drop of oil on the lens or they have to be dead to see
them,” she explained. I sat amazed as she scrolled through the
pictures. I couldn’t stop thinking about the intricate detail God put
into life that we can only see with a microscope!

God’s creation and works are endless. In the book of Job, one of Job’s
friends, Elihu, points this out to Job as he struggles through his
loss. Elihu challenges his friend, “Listen to this, Job; stop and
consider God’s wonders. Do you know how God controls the clouds and
makes his lightning flash? Do you know how the clouds hang poised,
those wonders of him who has perfect knowledge?” (Job 37:14–16). We,
as humans, can’t begin to understand the complexity of God and His
creation.

Even the parts of creation we can’t see reflect God’s glory and power.
His glory surrounds us. No matter what we’re going through, God is
working, even when we can’t see it and don’t understand. Let’s praise
Him today, for “He performs wonders that cannot be fathomed, miracles
that cannot be counted” (Job 5:9).

By:  Julie Schwab

Reflect & Pray

Lord, thank You for the detail You put into creation and for being at
work even when we can’t see it. Welcome to Julie Schwab! Meet all our
authors at odb.org/all-authors.

God is always working.
