http://odb.org/2013/01/02/t-ball-faith/

T-Ball Faith

The joy of the Lord is your strength. —
Nehemiah 8:10

Today's Scripture: Luke 15:1-7

Whoever dreamed up T-ball is a genius: Every kid on the field gets a
taste of the fun and joy of the game before they taste the
disappointment of striking out.

In T-ball, a baseball is placed on a rubber tee about waist-high to
the 5- and 6-year-old batters. Players swing until they hit the ball
and then run. On my first night as a coach, the very first batter hit
the ball far into the outfield. Suddenly every player from every
position ran to get the ball instead of staying where they were
supposed to. When one of them reached it, there was nobody left in the
infield for him to throw it to! All the players were standing
together—cheering with unrestrained exuberance!

Those who have recently come to know Jesus as Savior have an
unrestrained joy that is a delight to be around as well. We rejoice
with them, and so do the angels in heaven! (Luke 15:7). New Christians
are in love with God and excited about knowing Him and learning from
His Word.

Those who’ve been Christians for a long time may get discouraged with
the struggles of the Christian life and forget the joy of new-found
faith. So take the opportunity to rejoice with those who’ve come to
faith. God can use them to inspire you to renew your own commitment to
Jesus.

By:  Randy Kilgore

Reflect & Pray

Rejoice, O soul, your debt is paid, For all your sins on Christ were
laid; We’ve been redeemed, we’re justified— And all because the Savior
died. —D. DeHaan

Restore to me the joy of Your salvation. —Psalm 51:12
