https://odb.org/2018/03/26/the-point-of-being-alive/?utm_source=feedbu
rner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Brea
d%29

The Point of Being Alive

Watch out! Be on your guard against all kinds of greed; life does not
consist in an abundance of possessions.
Luke 12:15

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 12:22–34

Lately, as I’ve been skimming financial advice books, I’ve noticed an
interesting trend. While almost all such books have good advice, many
imply that the primary reason to cut costs is to live like
millionaires later. But one book offered a refreshingly different
perspective, arguing that living simply is essential for a rich life.
If you need more or fancier stuff to feel joy, the book suggested,
“You’re missing the point of being alive.”

Those insightful words brought to mind Jesus’s response when a man
asked Him to urge his brother to divide an inheritance with him.
Instead of sympathizing, Jesus dismissed him abruptly before warning
sternly about “all kinds of greed”—because “life does not consist in
an abundance of possessions” (Luke 12:14–15). He then described a
wealthy person’s plans to store his crops and enjoy a luxurious
lifestyle—the first-century version of retirement planning—with a
blistering conclusion. His wealth did him no good, since he died that
night (vv. 16–20).

Although we are responsible to use our resources wisely, Jesus’s words
remind us to check our motivation. Our hearts should be focused on
pursuing God’s kingdom—knowing Him and serving others—not on securing
our own futures (vv. 29–31). As we live for Him and freely share with
others, we can fully enjoy a rich life with Him now—in the kingdom
that gives meaning to all of life (vv. 32–34).

By:  Monica La Rose

Reflect & Pray

Lord, thank You for all You’ve so generously provided. Teach us how to
enjoy what You’ve given and to share it with others. Help us to rest
in You.

We don’t need to wait to enjoy a rich life in God’s kingdom.
