https://odb.org/2019/05/26/the-call-to-courage/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Call to Courage

Be strong and courageous.
1 Chronicles 28:20

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Chronicles 28:8–10, 19–21

Among a display of male statues (Nelson Mandela, Winston Churchill,
Mahatma Gandhi, and others) in London’s Parliament Square, stands a
lone statue of a woman. The solitary woman is Millicent Fawcett, who
fought for the right of women to vote. She’s immortalized in
bronze—holding a banner displaying words she offered in a tribute to a
fellow suffragist: “Courage calls to courage everywhere.” Fawcett
insisted that one person’s courage emboldens others—calling timid
souls into action.

As David prepared to hand his throne over to his son Solomon, he
explained the responsibilities that would soon rest heavy on his
shoulders. It’s likely Solomon quivered under the weight of what he
faced: leading Israel to follow all God’s instructions, guarding the
land God had entrusted to them, and overseeing the monumental task of
building the temple (1 Chronicles 28:8–10).

Knowing Solomon’s trembling heart, David offered his son powerful
words: “Be strong and courageous . . . . Do not be afraid or
discouraged, for the Lord God, my God, is with you” (v. 20). Real
courage would never arise from Solomon’s own skill or confidence but
rather from relying on God’s presence and strength. God provided the
courage Solomon needed.

When we face hardship, we often try to drum up boldness or talk
ourselves into bravery. God, however, is the one who renews our faith.
He will be with us. And His presence calls us to courage.

By:  Winn Collier

Reflect & Pray

What causes your heart to tremble in fear? How can you seek God’s
presence and power in moving toward courage?

God, I’m often so afraid. And when I am, I’m tempted to rely on my own
wits or courage—and that’s never enough. Be with me. Give me Your
courage.
