http://odb.org/2014/05/11/moms-finish-line/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Mom’s Finish Line

I have fought the good fight, I have finished the race, I have kept
the faith. —
2 Timothy 4:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Timothy 4:1-8

When Jeff learned that his mother’s health was rapidly declining, he
immediately caught a plane to be with her. He sat at her bedside
holding her hand, singing hymns, comforting her, and expressing his
love for her. She passed away, and at her funeral many told Jeff what
a blessing his mother had been. She was gifted in Bible teaching,
counseling others, and leading prayer groups. These were vital parts
of serving Christ until near the end of her life. She finished strong
for Christ.

To honor his mother’s life, Jeff participated in a 26.2 mile race.
During the race he thanked God for her life and grieved her loss. When
he crossed the finish line, Jeff pointed his index finger toward
heaven—“Where Mom is,” he said. She had honored Christ to the end,
which reminded him of the words of the apostle Paul: “I have fought
the good fight, I have finished the race, I have kept the faith.
Finally, there is laid up for me the crown of righteousness, which the
Lord . . . will give to me on that Day” (2 Tim. 4:7-8).

We are involved in a “long-distance race.” Let’s run in such a way
that we may obtain the prize of “an imperishable crown” (1 Cor. 9:25).
What could be more desirable than to finish strong for Christ and to
be with Him forever.

By:  Dennis Fisher

Reflect & Pray

Run the straight race through God’s good grace, Lift up your eyes and
seek His face; Life with its way before us lies, Christ is the path
and Christ the prize. —Monsell

The Christian’s race is not a sprint—it’s a marathon.
