http://odb.org/2013/06/07/guarding-hearts/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Guarding Hearts

Be diligent to present yourself approved to God, a worker who does not
need to be ashamed, rightly dividing the Word of truth. —
2 Timothy 2:15

Today's Scripture: 2 Timothy 2:10-18

For years I taught adult Bible-study classes in a local church and
took great pains to consider Scripture carefully before answering
questions during the lessons. Later, during a lecture in my first
semester of seminary at age 40, I learned that I’d given a woman who
had attended one of my classes a terrible answer to her heartfelt
question. I was certain my response had been causing her distress over
the 2 years since I had seen her, and I was eager to correct myself
for her sake.

Racing home, I called her and instantly burst into an apology. A long
pause was followed by her saying in a puzzled tone: “I’m sorry, but
I’m having trouble placing you right now.” I was neither as memorable
nor as damaging as I had believed! It was then I realized God is at
work guarding His truth even as we grow in our understanding of His
Word. I’m thankful He protected this woman’s heart.

We are human and will make mistakes sometimes as we share God’s Word
with others. But we have an obligation to diligently seek His truth
and exercise care when we talk about it (2 Tim. 2:15). Then we may
boldly proclaim Him, praying that His Spirit will guard not only our
hearts but also the hearts of those we seek to serve. God and His Word
are deserving of the greatest care.

By:  Randy Kilgore

Reflect & Pray

The words I spoke but yesterday Are changed as I read Your Word; I see
more clearly Your perfect way, And my heart is deeply stirred.
—Kilgore

Let God’s Word fill your memory, rule your heart, and guide your
words.
