http://odb.org/2014/10/01/the-power-of-ritual/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Power Of Ritual

Do this in remembrance of Me. —
1 Corinthians 11:24

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Corinthians 11:23-34

When I was growing up, one of the rules in our house was that we
weren’t allowed to go to bed angry (Eph. 4:26). All our fights and
disagreements had to be resolved. The companion to that rule was this
bedtime ritual: Mom and Dad would say to my brother and me, “Good
night. I love you.” And we would respond, “Good night. I love you
too.”

The value of this family ritual has recently been impressed on me. As
my mother lay in a hospice bed dying of lung cancer, she became less
and less responsive. But each night when I left her bedside I would
say, “I love you, Mom.” And though she could say little else, she
would respond, “I love you too.” Growing up I had no idea what a gift
this ritual would be to me so many years later.

Time and repetition can rob our rituals of meaning. But some are
important reminders of vital spiritual truths. First-century believers
misused the practice of the Lord’s Supper, but the apostle Paul didn’t
tell them to stop celebrating it. Instead he told them, “As often as
you eat this bread and drink this cup, you proclaim the Lord’s death
till He comes” (1 Cor. 11:26).

Rather than give up the ritual, perhaps we need to restore the
meaning.

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

Lord, when we observe the Lord’s Supper, help us avoid the trap of
letting our observance grow routine. May we always be moved with
gratitude for the wonderful gift of ritual.

Any ritual can lose meaning, but that does not make the ritual
meaningless.
