https://odb.org/2021/04/07/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Through Thick and Thin

The cloud of the Lord was over the tabernacle by day, and fire was in
the cloud by night, in the sight of all the Israelites during all
their travels.
Exodus 40:38

Today's Scripture & Insight: Exodus 40:34–38

On January 28, 1986, the US Space Shuttle Challenger broke apart
seventy-three seconds after takeoff. In a speech of comfort to the
nation, President Reagan quoted from the poem “High Flight” in which
John Gillespie Magee, a World War II pilot, had written of “the high
untrespassed sanctity of space” and the sense of putting out his hand
to touch “the face of God.”

Although we can’t literally touch God’s face, we sometimes experience
a stunning sunset or a place of meditation in nature that gives us an
overwhelming sense that He’s near. Some people call these moments
“thin places.” The barrier separating heaven and earth seems to grow a
little thinner. God feels a little closer.

The Israelites may have experienced a “thin place” as they sensed the
nearness of God in the desert wilderness. God provided a pillar of
cloud by day and pillar of fire by night to lead them through the
desert (Exodus 40:34–38). When they were staying in the camp, “the
glory of the Lord filled the tabernacle” (v. 35). Throughout all their
travels, they knew God was with them.

As we enjoy the incredible beauty of God’s creation, we grow conscious
that He’s present everywhere. As we talk with Him in prayer, listen to
Him, and read the Scriptures, we can enjoy fellowship with Him anytime
and anywhere.

By:  Cindy Hess Kasper

Reflect & Pray

What places in nature make you feel especially close to God? How can
you seek Him anytime and anywhere?

Father, help me to seek and find You even when I’m lost in a desert
wilderness.
