https://odb.org/2019/02/17/atmosphere-of-encouragement/?utm_source=fee
dburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+B
read%29

Atmosphere of Encouragement

Each of us should please our neighbors for their good, to build them
up.
Romans 15:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 15:1–7

I’m encouraged every time I visit the fitness center near our house.
In that busy place, I’m surrounded by others who are striving to
improve their physical health and strength. Posted signs remind us not
to judge each other, but words and actions that reveal support for
others’ conditioning efforts are always welcomed.

What a great picture of how things should look in the spiritual realm
of life! Those of us who are striving to “get in shape” spiritually,
to grow in our faith, can sometimes feel as if we don’t belong because
we’re not as spiritually fit—as mature in our walk with Jesus—as
someone else.

Paul gave us this short, direct suggestion: “Encourage one another and
build each other up” (1 Thessalonians 5:11). And to the believers in
Rome he wrote: “Each of us should please our neighbors for their good,
to build them up” (Romans 15:2). Recognizing that our Father is so
lovingly gracious with us, let’s show God’s grace to others with
encouraging words and actions.

As we “accept one another” (v. 7), let’s entrust our spiritual growth
to God—to the work of His Spirit. And while we daily seek to follow
Him, may we create an atmosphere of encouragement for our brothers and
sisters in Jesus as they also seek to grow in their faith.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

Lord, help me today to encourage others along the way. Guide me to say
what will not discourage but will spur them toward a deeper walk with
You in Your love.

A word of encouragement can make the difference between giving up and
pressing on.
