http://odb.org/2011/07/20/bedlam/

Bedlam

Those who leave the paths of uprightness . . . rejoice in doing evil,
and delight in the perversity of the wicked. —
Proverbs 2:13-14

Today's Scripture: Romans 12:9-21

England’s Imperial War Museum is housed in a building in London that
was a former location of the Bethlem Royal Hospital, a care center for
the mentally ill. The hospital was commonly known as “Bedlam,” which
gradually became a term used to describe scenes of chaos and madness.

It’s ironic that the War Museum would occupy Bedlam’s former location.
As you walk through the museum, in addition to stories of heroism and
sacrifice in wartime, you also find bone-chilling accounts of the
madness of man’s inhumanity to man. From the exhibits about modern
genocide and ethnic cleansing to the one on the Holocaust, it is evil
on display.

Solomon observed mankind’s propensity for evil, describing it as those
who “rejoice in doing evil, and delight in the perversity of the
wicked” (Prov. 2:14). While this may describe much of the world around
us, followers of Jesus have a refreshingly different way to handle
life. Paul challenged us: “Do not be overcome by evil, but overcome
evil with good” (Rom. 12:21). Christ-centered actions such as living
morally (v.17), making peace (v.18), and treating our enemies with
care (v.20) will affect the world for good.

If each of us were to live as a reflection of God’s love, perhaps
there would be a lot less bedlam.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

The godless and sinful everywhere Are objects of God’s love and care,
But they will always know hopeless despair Unless His love with them
we share. —D. De Haan

A despairing world needs caring Christians.
