http://odb.org/2015/11/12/of-geese-and-difficult-people/?utm_source=fe
edburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+
Bread%29

Of Geese and Difficult People

If it is possible, as far as it depends on you, live at peace with
everyone.
Romans 12:18

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 12:14-21

When we first moved into our present home, I enjoyed the beauty of the
geese that nest nearby. I admired the way they cared for each other
and the way they moved in straight lines in the water and in majestic
V-formations in the air. It was also a joy to watch them raise their
young.

Then summer came, and I discovered some less beautiful truths about my
feathered friends. You see, geese love to eat grass, and they don’t
really care if it ruins the look of the lawn. Worse, what they leave
behind makes a stroll across the yard a messy adventure.

I think of these geese when I’m dealing with difficult people.
Sometimes I wish I could simply shoo them out of my life. It’s then
that God usually reminds me that there is beauty in even the most
difficult person if we can get close enough to discover it, and the
pain they’re giving out may be reflective of the pain they are
feeling. The apostle Paul says in Romans, “If it is possible, as far
as it depends on you, live at peace with everyone” (12:18). So I ask
God to help me be patient with the “hard side” of others. This doesn’t
always produce a happy outcome, but it is remarkable how often God
redeems these relationships.

As we encounter difficult people, by God’s grace we can see and love
them through His eyes.

By:  Randy Kilgore

Reflect & Pray

By Your grace, Lord, help me to live peaceably with others. And help
me to recognize when I’m the difficult person in other people’s lives
and need Your intervention. Give me the will and desire to change.

Peace can come if we respond with a gentle answer.
