https://odb.org/2019/03/22/bearing-the-burden-of-wrongs/?utm_source=fe
edburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+
Bread%29

Bearing the Burden of Wrongs

Do not repay evil with evil.
1 Peter 3:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Peter 3:8–14

On January 30, 2018, almost thirty-eight years after his conviction,
Malcolm Alexander walked out of prison a free man. DNA evidence
cleared Alexander, who had steadfastly maintained his innocence amid a
myriad of court proceedings that were tragically unjust. An
incompetent defense attorney (later disbarred), shoddy evidence, and
dubious investigative tactics all put an innocent man in prison for
nearly four decades. When he was finally released, however, Alexander
showed immense grace. “You cannot be angry,” he said. “There’s not
enough time to be angry.”

Alexander’s words evidence a deep grace. If injustice robbed us of
thirty-eight years of our lives and destroyed our reputations, we
would likely be angry, furious. Though Alexander spent many long,
heartbreaking years bearing the burden of wrongs inflicted upon him,
he wasn’t undone by the evil. Rather than exerting his energy trying
to get revenge, he exhibited the posture Peter instructs: “Do not
repay evil with evil or insult with insult” (1 Peter 3:9).

The Scriptures go a step further: rather than seeking vengeance, the
apostle Peter tells us we are to bless (v. 9). We extend forgiveness,
the hope of well-being, for those who have unjustly wronged us.
Without excusing their evil actions, we can meet them with God’s
scandalous mercy. On the cross, Jesus bore the burden of our wrongs,
that we might receive grace and extend it to others—even those who
have wronged us.

By:  Winn Collier

Reflect & Pray

Without excusing their actions, how can you extend mercy to others who
have wronged you? What will it mean for you to “bless” them?

God, it’s hard not to want those who hurt me to hurt just as much.
Help me to live out Your mercy and grace.
