https://odb.org/2018/04/13/when-one-hurts-all-hurt/?utm_source=feedbur
ner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread
%29

When One Hurts, All Hurt

If one part suffers, every part suffers with it; if one part is
honored, every part rejoices with it.
1 Corinthians 12:26

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Corinthians 12:14–26

When a coworker called in sick due to extreme pain, everyone at the
office was concerned. After a trip to the hospital and a day of bed
rest, he returned to work and showed us the source of that pain—a
kidney stone. He’d asked his doctor to give him the stone as a
souvenir. Looking at that stone, I winced in sympathy, remembering the
gallstone I had passed years ago. The pain had been excruciating.

Isn’t it interesting that something so small can cause a whole body so
much agony? But in a way, that’s what the apostle Paul alludes to in 1
Corinthians 12:26: “If one part suffers, every part suffers with it.”
Throughout chapter 12, Paul used the metaphor of a body to describe
Christians around the world. When Paul said, “God has put the body
together” (v. 24), he was referring to the entire body of Christ—all
Christians. We all have different gifts and roles. But since we’re all
part of the same body, if one person hurts, we all hurt. When a fellow
Christian faces persecution, grief, or trials, we hurt as if we’re
experiencing that pain.

My coworker’s pain drove him to get the help his body needed. In the
body of Christ, someone’s pain ignites our compassion and moves us
toward action. We might pray, offer a word of encouragement, or do
whatever it takes to aid the healing process. That’s how the body
works together.

By:  Linda Washington

Reflect & Pray

Lord, please give peace to those who are persecuted or in pain. Your
family is my family too.

We’re in this together.
