https://odb.org/2017/06/01/everything-we-need/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Everything We Need

His divine power has given us everything we need for a godly life
through our knowledge of him who called us by his own glory and
goodness.
2 Peter 1:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Peter 1:1–11

I often feel completely inadequate for the tasks I face. Whether it’s
teaching Sunday school, advising a friend, or writing articles for
this publication, the challenge often seems to be larger than my
ability. Like Peter, I have a lot to learn.

The New Testament reveals Peter’s shortcomings as he tried to follow
the Lord. While walking on water to Jesus, Peter began to sink (Matt.
14:25–31). When Jesus was arrested, Peter swore he didn’t know Him
(Mark 14:66–72). But Peter’s encounter with the risen Christ and the
power of the Holy Spirit changed his life.

Peter came to understand that God’s “divine power has given us
everything we need for a godly life through our knowledge of him who
called us by his own glory and goodness” (2 Peter 1:3). An amazing
statement from a man who had many flaws!

“[God] has given us his very great and precious promises, so that
through them you may participate in the divine nature, having escaped
the corruption in the world caused by evil desires” (v. 4).

Our relationship with the Lord Jesus Christ is the source of the
wisdom, patience, and power we need to honor God, help others, and
meet the challenges of today. Through Him, we can overcome our
hesitations and feelings of inadequacy.

In every situation, He has given us everything we need to serve and
honor Him.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Thank You, Father, for giving me everything I need to serve You and
encourage others today. May I honor You in all I do.

God promises to provide everything we need to honor Him with our
lives.
