https://odb.org/2019/04/07/change-is-possible/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Change Is Possible

It is God who works in you to will and to act in order to fulfill his
good purpose.
Philippians 2:13

Today's Scripture & Insight: Philippians 2:1–4

One Saturday afternoon, some youth group members from my church
gathered to ask one another some hard questions based on Philippians
2:3–4: “Do nothing out of selfish ambition or vain conceit. Rather, in
humility value others above yourselves, not looking to your own
interests but each of you to the interests of the others.” Some of the
difficult queries included: How often do you take an interest in
others? Would someone describe you as humble or proud? Why?

As I listened, I was encouraged by their honest answers. The
teenagers agreed that it’s easy to acknowledge our shortcomings, but
it’s hard to change, or—for that matter—desire to change. As one teen
lamented, “Selfishness is in my blood.”

The desire to let go of our focus on self to serve others is only
possible through Jesus’s Spirit living in us. That’s why Paul reminded
the Philippian church to reflect on what God had done and made
possible for them. He had graciously adopted them, comforted them with
His love, and given His Spirit to help them (Philippians 2:1–2). How
could they—and we—respond to such grace with anything less than
humility?

Yes, God is the reason for us to change, and only He can change us.
Because He gives us “the desire and power to do what pleases him”
(v.13 nlt ), we can focus less on ourselves and humbly serve others.

By:  Poh Fang Chia

Reflect & Pray

In what ways has God helped you turn from selfishness and be more
willing to serve others? How does Jesus’s humility inspire you to
humbly serve?

Our responsibility is to respond to God’s ability in humility.
