http://odb.org/2016/08/22/at-risk-of-falling/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

At Risk of Falling

If you think you are standing firm, be careful that you don’t fall!
1 Corinthians 10:12

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Corinthians 10:1–13

When my friend Elaine was recovering after a bad fall, a hospital
worker placed a bright yellow bracelet on her wrist. It read: Fall
Risk. That phrase meant: Watch this person carefully. She may be
unsteady on her feet. Help her get from place to place.

First Corinthians 10 contains something like a “Fall Risk” warning for
believers. With a glance back at his ancestors, Paul noted the human
potential to fall into sin. The Israelites complained, worshiped
idols, and had immoral relationships. God grew unhappy with them and
allowed them to experience consequences for their wrongdoing. However,
Paul said, “These things happened to them as examples and were written
down as warnings for us . . . . So, if you think you are standing
firm, be careful that you don’t fall!” (vv. 11–12).

It’s easy to trick ourselves into believing that we’re done with a
particular sort of sin. Even when we’ve struggled through the worst of
it—admitting our problem, repenting, and recommitting ourselves to
following God’s ways—temptation may come calling. God makes it
possible for us to avoid falling back into the same patterns. He does
this by providing a way out of the sinful act we’re considering. Our
part is to respond to His offer of escape.

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

Lord, let me see the way of escape You offer when I am tempted. Give
me the strength to accept Your help so I can stay faithful to You. I
know this is Your desire for me, and I thank You that You are at work
in me.

Great blessings are often followed by great temptations.
