https://odb.org/2019/02/27/out-of-the-mouths-of-babes/?utm_source=feed
burner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Br
ead%29

Out of the Mouths of Babes

Out of the mouth of babies and infants, you have established strength
because of your foes.
Psalm 8:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 21:14–16

After watching ten-year-old Viola using a tree branch as a microphone
to mimic a preacher, Michele decided to give Viola the opportunity to
“preach” during a village outreach. Viola accepted. Michele, a
missionary in South Sudan, wrote, “The crowd was enraptured. . . . A
little girl who had been abandoned stood in authority before them as a
daughter of the King of kings, powerfully sharing the reality of God’s
Kingdom. Half the crowd came forward to receive Jesus” (Michele Perry,
Love Has a Face).

The crowd that day hadn’t expected to hear a child preach. This
incident brings to mind the phrase “out of the mouths of babes,” which
comes from Psalm 8. David wrote, “Out of the mouth of babies and
infants, you have established strength because of your foes” (v. 2 esv
). Jesus later quoted this verse in Matthew 21:16, after the chief
priests and scribes criticized the children calling out praise to
Jesus in the temple at Jerusalem. The children were a nuisance to
these leaders. By quoting this Scripture, Jesus showed that God took
seriously the praise of these children. They did what the leaders were
unwilling to do: give glory to the longed-for Messiah.

As Viola and the children in the temple showed, God can use even a
child to bring Him glory. Out of their willing hearts came a fountain
of praise.

By:  Linda Washington

Reflect & Pray

How can I offer praise to God today? Why is He worthy of my praise?

Lord, help me have the willing heart of a child when it comes to
praise.
