https://odb.org/2019/01/17/cant-give-up/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

What Can’t You Give Up?

[Nothing] will be able to separate us from the love of God.
Romans 8:39

Today's Scripture & Insight: Hosea 11:8–11

“What’s one thing you can’t give up?” the radio host asked. Listeners
called in with some interesting answers. Some mentioned their
families, including a husband who shared memories of a deceased wife.
Others shared they can’t give up on their dreams, such as making a
living in music or becoming a mother. All of us have something we
treasure dearly—a person, a passion, a possession—something we can’t
give up.

In the book of Hosea, God tells us that He won’t give up on His chosen
people Israel, His treasured possession. As Israel’s loving husband,
God provided her with everything she needed: land, food, drink,
clothing, and security. Yet like an adulterous spouse, Israel rejected
God and sought her happiness and security elsewhere. The more God
pursued her, the further she drifted away (Hosea 11:2). However,
though she had hurt Him deeply, He would not give her up (v. 8). He
would discipline Israel so as to redeem her; His desire was to re-
establish His relationship with her (v. 11).

Today, all God’s children can have the same assurance: His love for us
is a love that will never let us go (Romans 8:37–39). If we’ve
wandered from Him, He yearns for us to return. When God disciplines
us, we can be comforted that it’s a sign of His pursuit, not of His
rejection. We are His treasure; He won’t give up on us.

By:  Poh Fang Chia

Reflect & Pray

Heavenly Father, thank You for Your love that never gives up on me.
Help me to love You wholeheartedly.

A child of God is always welcomed home.
