http://odb.org/2012/04/24/cutting-a-trail/

Cutting A Trail

Hear, my children, the instruction of a father, and give attention to
know understanding. —
Proverbs 4:1

Today's Scripture: Proverbs 4:1-7

The Native Americans of Michigan were the state’s first highway route
engineers. With few exceptions, Michigan’s major highways follow the
trails they cut through the wilderness hundreds of years before the
white man came. A trail was 12-18 inches wide, and for safety the
people followed single file. Then pack horses followed these trails,
widening them. Later came wagons, and the trails became dirt roads and
then highways.

In a similar way, Solomon followed the trail of his father and in turn
paved the way for his sons and grandsons. He did this by encouraging
his sons to heed his instructions just as he had followed the sound
teaching of his father (Prov. 4:4-5). So this father, giving his sons
good practical and spiritual counsel, was passing on what he had
learned from the boys’ grandfather, David, who was called a “man after
[God’s] own heart” (1 Sam. 13:14; Acts 13:22). The younger generation
of believers often learns best about God from the family.

Our physical and spiritual children watch the path we’re taking. As
God’s men and women, let’s make certain we cut a righteous, wise, and
clear trail. Then if ongoing generations choose to follow, the trail
can become a highway—an ongoing legacy to God’s glory.

By:  David C. Egner

Reflect & Pray

Lord, as I walk my path of life, Help my feet step straight and true;
That those who follow after me, Will be tracking straight with You.
—Egner

When we follow God, we blaze a trail for those who would follow.
