https://odb.org/2019/08/06/will-you-come-back/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Will You Come Back?

Love [your wife] as the Lord loves the Israelites, though they turn to
other gods.
Hosea 3:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: Hosea 3:1–5

Ron and Nancy’s marriage was deteriorating rapidly. She had an affair,
but after some time she admitted her sin to God. She knew what He
wanted her to do, but it was difficult. She shared the truth with Ron.
Instead of asking for a divorce, Ron chose to give Nancy a chance to
win his trust back by showing that she’d changed. In a miraculous way
God restored their marriage.

Ron’s actions are a picture of God’s love and forgiveness shown toward
sinners like you and me. The prophet Hosea understood this well. He
was commanded by God to marry an unfaithful woman as a way to show
Israel their status of unfaithfulness before Him (Hosea 1). If that
wasn’t heartbreaking enough, when Hosea’s wife left him, God told him
to ask her to come back. He said, “Show your love to your wife again,
though she is loved by another man and is an adulteress” (3:1). After
all their disobedience, God longed for a close relationship with His
people. Just as Hosea loved his unfaithful wife, pursued her, and
sacrificed for her, so God loved His people. His righteous anger and
jealousy were motivated by His great love.

This same God longs for us today to be near Him. As we come to Him in
faith, we can trust that in Him we will find complete fulfillment.

By:  Estera Pirosca Escobar

Reflect & Pray

How will you respond to God’s love today? Is there someone you can
share His great love with?

God in heaven, how great and amazing is Your love, even for a sinner
like me! For all the wrong I’ve done, I don’t deserve Your love. Thank
You for forgiving me, for buying me back, for restoring our
relationship.
