https://odb.org/2020/02/22/the-lord-bless-you/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Ancient Promises

The Lord bless you and keep you.
Numbers 6:24

Today's Scripture & Insight: Numbers 6:22–27

In 1979, Dr. Gabriel Barkay and his team discovered two silver scrolls
in a burial ground outside the Old City of Jerusalem. In 2004, after
twenty-five years of careful research, scholars confirmed that the
scrolls were the oldest biblical text in existence, having been buried
in 600 bc. What I find particularly moving is what the scrolls
contain—the priestly blessing that God wanted spoken over His people:
“The Lord bless you and keep you; the Lord make his face shine on you”
(Numbers 6:24–25).

In giving this benediction, God showed Aaron and his sons
(through Moses) how to bless the people on His behalf. The leaders
were to memorize the words in the form God gave so they would speak to
them just as God desired. Note how these words emphasize that God is
the one who blesses, for three times they say, “the Lord .” And six
times He says, “you,” reflecting just how much God wants His people to
receive His love and favor.

Ponder for a moment that the oldest existing fragments of the Bible
tell of God’s desire to bless. What a reminder of God’s boundless love
and how He wants to be in a relationship with us. If you feel far from
God today, hold tightly to the promise in these ancient words. May the
Lord bless you; may the Lord keep you.

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

What does it mean to you that God desires to bless you? How can you
share His love with others?

Father God, I give thanks for the many blessings You give to me. Help
me to notice the ways You bring me joy and peace, that I might praise
You.
