http://odb.org/2011/06/11/a-royal-wedding/

A Royal Wedding

Let us be glad and rejoice and give Him glory, for the marriage of the
Lamb has come, and His wife has made herself ready. —
Revelation 19:7

Today's Scripture: Revelation 19:1-10

Weddings have long been an occasion for extravagance. Modern weddings
have become a chance for young women to live out the fantasy of being
“a princess for a day.” An elegant gown, an elaborate hairstyle,
attendants in color-coordinated dresses, bouquets of flowers, an
abundance of food, and lots of celebrating with friends and family
contribute to the fairytale atmosphere. Many parents start saving
early so they can afford the high cost of making their daughter’s
dream come true. And royal weddings take extravagance to a level that
we “commoners” seldom see. In 1981, however, many of us got a peek at
one when the wedding of Prince Charles and Princess Diana was
broadcast worldwide.

Another royal wedding is in the planning stages, and it will be more
elaborate than any other. But in this wedding, the most important
person will be the groom, Christ Himself; and we, the church, will be
His bride. John’s revelation says that the bride will make herself
ready (19:7) and that our wedding gown will be our righteous acts
(v.8).

Though earthly marriages last only a lifetime, every bride works hard
to make her wedding perfect. How much more, as the bride of Christ,
should we be doing to prepare ourselves for a marriage that will last
for eternity.

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

The church, the bride of Christ, will be Arrayed in linen, clean and
bright, Through righteous acts that we have done— Much to our Groom’s
delight. —Sper

Good deeds don’t make a Christian, but a Christian does good deeds.
