https://odb.org/2019/10/05/trust-your-god-given-armor/?utm_source=feed
burner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Br
ead%29

Trust Your Armor

Go, and the Lord be with you.
1 Samuel 17:37

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Samuel 17:34–39

As a young writer I was often unsure of myself when I was in writing
workshops. I would look around and see rooms filled with giants, if
you will—people with formal training or years of experience. I had
neither. But what I did have was an ear formed by the language and
tone and cadences of the King James Version of the Bible. It was very
much my armor, so to speak, what I was used to, and allowing it to
inform my writing style and voice has become a joy to me, and I hope
to others.

We don’t get the impression that David the young shepherd was unsure
of himself when it came to wearing Saul’s armor to fight Goliath (1
Samuel 17:38–39). He simply couldn’t move around in it. David realized
one man’s armor can be another man’s prison—“I cannot go in these” (v.
39). So he trusted what he knew. God had prepared him for that moment
with just what was needed (vv. 34–35). The sling and stones were what
David was used to, his armor, and God used them to bring joy to the
ranks of Israel that day.

Have you ever felt unsure of yourself, thinking If I just had what
someone else has, then my life would be different? Consider the gifts
or experiences God has given specifically to you. Trust your God-given
armor.

By:  John Blase

Reflect & Pray

What’s an example of someone else’s armor that’s been a matter of
comparison or even jealousy for you? How might your armor be just
what’s needed for this day?

Sovereign God, at times it’s easy to feel unsure of myself, especially
in situations where challenges feel like giants. Help me to trust that
You’ve given me just what I need. You’ve crafted my life’s story.
