https://odb.org/2019/10/16/a-quiet-life/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Finding a Quiet Life

Make it your ambition to lead a quiet life.
1 Thessalonians 4:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Thessalonians 4:9–12

“What do you want to be when you grow up?” We all heard that question
as children and sometimes even as adults. The question is born in
curiosity, and the answer is often heard as an indication of ambition.
My answers morphed over the years, starting with a cowboy, then a
truck driver, followed by a soldier, and I entered college set on
becoming a doctor. However, I can’t recall one time that someone
suggested or I consciously considered pursuing “a quiet life.”

Yet that’s exactly what Paul told the Thessalonians. First, he urged
them to love one another and all of God’s family even more (1
Thessalonians 4:10). Then he gave them a general admonition that would
cover whatever specific plow they put their hand to. “Make it your
ambition to lead a quiet life” (v. 11). Now what did Paul mean by that
exactly? He clarified: “You should mind your own business and work
with your hands” so outsiders respect you and you’re not a burden on
anyone (vv. 11–12). We don’t want to discourage children from pursuing
their giftedness or passions but maybe we could encourage them that
whatever they choose to do, they do with a quiet spirit.

Considering the world we live in, the words ambitious and quiet
couldn’t seem further apart. But the Scriptures are always relevant,
so perhaps we should consider what it might look like to begin living
quieter.

By:  John Blase

Reflect & Pray

How does Paul’s phrase—“mind your own business”—sit with you? Who
comes to mind of someone who lives a quiet life that you might
emulate?

Jesus, living a quiet life sounds so inviting, but I know it won’t
come easily. I ask for the grace to mind my own business, not so I can
close myself off from the world, but that I won’t add to the noise.
