http://odb.org/2017/01/19/a-treasure-to-be-shared/?utm_source=feedburn
er&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%
29

A Treasure to be Shared

We have this treasure in jars of clay to show that this all-surpassing
power is from God and not from us.
2 Corinthians 4:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Corinthians 4:1–7

In March 1974, Chinese farmers were digging a well when they made a
surprising discovery: Buried under the dry ground of central China was
the Terracotta Army—life-size terracotta sculptures that dated back to
the third century bc. In this extraordinary find were some 8,000
soldiers, 150 cavalry horses, and 130 chariots drawn by 520 horses.
The Terracotta Army has become one of the most popular tourist sites
in China, attracting over a million visitors annually. This amazing
treasure lay hidden for centuries but is now being shared with the
world.

The apostle Paul wrote that followers of Christ have a treasure inside
them that is to be shared with the world: “We now have this light
shining in our hearts, but we ourselves are like fragile clay jars
containing this great treasure” (2 Cor. 4:7 nlt). The treasure inside
us is the message of Christ and His love.

This treasure is not to be hidden but is to be shared so that by God’s
love and grace people of every nation can be welcomed into His family.
May we, through His Spirit’s working, share that treasure with someone
today.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

The good news of Jesus is too wonderful to keep to myself, Father. May
I live the gospel and share it with others throughout my journey with
You, Lord. Share your ideas with others about ways to be a light for
Jesus. Go to Facebook.com/ourdailybread.

Let others see your testimony as well as hear it.
