http://odb.org/2013/12/17/love-and-support/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Love And Support

I thank my God . . . for your fellowship in the gospel from the first
day until now. —
Philippians 1:3

Today's Scripture: Philippians 4:10-18

I received this note from a friend serving in an orphanage in a
developing country: “Yesterday, as I was sitting at my office desk, I
noticed a trail of ants on the floor. As I followed it, I was shocked
to see that thousands of ants had blanketed the walls of our office
building—inside and out. They swarmed everything. Fortunately, one of
the workers . . . set to work. Less than an hour later, the ants were
gone.”

After telling this insect story, my friend wrote, “So, how was your
day at work?” Sometimes we need reminders of the needs of those who
have left behind the comforts and conveniences of home. God calls each
of us to different paths of service, and some paths are bumpy. Working
in an office that is overrun by ants doesn’t appeal to anyone, but my
friend is not there for the perks.

She and many other believers have had their hearts captured by Christ
and think that abandoning “essential” comforts and conveniences is a
small thing to do to honor Him who loves us. They need our support in
the way Paul depended on his friends in Philippi—for fellowship (Phil.
1:5), for finances (4:16), and for care (4:18). When we encourage our
friends who have left their familiar environments to serve God
elsewhere, we show our love for the One who sent them.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

Dear Lord, give me wisdom to know which of Your workers in the fields
of the world need my help. Show me how my family can surround them
with encouragement and support.

The glory of life is to love, not to be loved; to give, not to get; to
serve, not to be served.
