http://odb.org/2012/11/22/the-joy-of-a-generous-god/

The Joy Of A Generous God

They are abundantly satisfied with the fullness of Your house, and You
give them drink from the river of Your pleasures. —
Psalm 36:8

Today's Scripture: Psalm 36:5-12

Recently I walked into a hotel lobby that featured the largest
arrangement of fresh flowers I have ever seen. It was bursting with
color, perfectly arranged, and its fragrance was amazing. It stopped
me in my tracks, and I lingered for a moment to admire its beauty. It
made me think that there is something about abundance that captures
our hearts. Think of the inviting beauty of a bowl overflowing with
colorful fruit, or a countertop covered with three or four pies ready
for enjoyment after a bountiful Thanksgiving meal.

The joy of abundance reminds me of the generosity of God. He makes our
cup overflow (Ps. 23:5); He “is able to do exceedingly abundantly
above all that we ask or think” (Eph. 3:20); His grace is sufficient
for any difficulty that life brings our way (2 Cor. 12:9); and it is
He who kills the fatted calf and calls for the best robe when the
prodigal returns (see Luke 15:20-24). No wonder the psalmist rejoices:
“How precious is Your lovingkindness, O God! Therefore the children of
men put their trust under the shadow of Your wings. They are
abundantly satisfied with the fullness of Your house” (Ps. 36:7-8).
Our God is abundantly good. Let’s overflow with praise for His many
blessings.

By:  Joe Stowell

Reflect & Pray

Lord, thank You for the reminder that far from being stingy You bless
us with good things in abundance. Thank You for Your presence and the
comfort of the promises in Your Word.

Keep praising God from whom all blessings flow.
