http://odb.org/2014/11/05/less-than-the-least/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Less Than The Least

I am not worthy of the least of all the mercies and of all the truth
which You have shown Your servant. —
Genesis 32:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Genesis 32:3-12

Unlike those who think highly of themselves, Jacob knew that he had
been ruined by sin (Gen. 32:10). He thought himself a man unworthy of
God’s grace. He had cheated his brother Esau out of his birthright
(ch.27), and his brother hated him for it. Now, years later, Jacob was
going to face Esau again.

“I am not worthy of the least of all the mercies,” Jacob prayed, using
a word for “least” that suggests the tiniest object. “Deliver me, I
pray” (32:10-11).

How odd to see those phrases side by side: I am unworthy of Your
mercies . . . . Deliver me! Yet Jacob could pray for mercy because his
hope lay not in his own worth, but in God’s promise to look with favor
on those who throw themselves at His feet. Humility and contrition are
the keys that open the heart of God. Someone has said that the best
disposition for praying is being stripped of everything. It is crying
out of the depths. It comes from the soul that knows its deep
depravity.

Such prayers are offered by those who are thoroughly convicted of
their sin and shame, but, at the same time, are convinced of God’s
grace that goes out to undeserving sinners. God hears best those who
cry out: “God, be merciful to me a sinner!” (Luke 18:13).

By:  David H. Roper

Reflect & Pray

Lord, I am like Jacob, in need of Your mercy. I have failed You, and I
bow at Your feet today. Thank You for being a merciful God, ready and
able to forgive and restore me.

It is fitting for a great God to forgive great sinners.
