http://odb.org/2011/07/19/fear-factor/

Fear Factor

Abraham said, “. . . surely the fear of God is not in this place; and
they will kill me on account of my wife.” —
Genesis 20:11

Today's Scripture: Genesis 20:1-13

If you’re a fan of Shakespeare, you know that his heroes always have a
serious character flaw. It makes for a good story and teaches some
important lessons. The same is true of our Bible hero Abraham. His
flaw? Fear.

Twice Abraham succumbed to his fear that a ruler would kill him and
steal his wife (Gen. 12:11-20; 20:2-13). Fearing for his life, he
deceived both Pharaoh and King Abimelech by saying, “She is my
sister”—in essence welcoming the king to take Sarah into his harem
(20:2). With fear dictating his actions, he put at risk God’s plan
that through him and Sarah a great nation would arise (12:1-3).

But before we judge Abraham, we should ask ourselves a few questions.
For fear of losing our job, would we compromise our integrity? For
fear of appearing old-fashioned, would we set aside our values? For
fear of being ridiculed or misunderstood, would we neglect sharing the
gospel and put someone’s eternity at risk? Only one thing will conquer
our fears: tenacious faith in God’s presence, protection, power, and
promises.

If your fear is putting God’s wonderful plans for you at risk,
remember that He will never ask you to do anything He can’t bring to
completion, even if it requires miraculous intervention on His part.

By:  Joe Stowell

Reflect & Pray

It often helps in time of trial When fearful and alone, To know that
every doubt we feel The greatest saints have known. —D. De Haan

Let your faith overcome your fear, and God will turn your worry into
worship.
