https://odb.org/2019/03/18/joy-in-hard-places/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Joy in Hard Places

Yet I will rejoice in the Lord, I will be joyful in God my Savior.
Habakkuk 3:18

Today's Scripture & Insight: Habakkuk 3:16–19

Whenever she was unable to take my phone call, my friend’s voicemail
recording invited me to leave her a message. The recording cheerfully
concluded, “Make it a great day!” As I reflected on her words, I
realized that it’s not within our power to make every day “great”—some
circumstances truly are devastating. But a closer look might reveal
something redeeming and beautiful in my day, whether things are going
well or poorly.

Habakkuk wasn’t experiencing easy circumstances. As a prophet, God had
shown him coming days when none of the crops or livestock—on which
God’s people depended—would be fruitful (3:17). It would take more
than mere optimism to endure the coming hardships. As a people group,
Israel would be in extreme poverty. Habakkuk experienced heart-
pounding, lip-quivering, leg-trembling fear (v. 16).

Yet despite that, Habakkuk said he would “rejoice in the Lord ” and
“be joyful” (v. 18). He proclaimed His hope in the God who provides
the strength to walk in difficult places (v. 19).

Sometimes we go through seasons of deep pain and hardship. But no
matter what we’ve lost, or wanted but never had, we can, like
Habakkuk, rejoice in our relationship with a loving God. Even when it
feels like we have nothing else, He will never fail or abandon us
(Hebrews 13:5). He, the One who “provide[s] for those who grieve,” is
our ultimate reason for joy (Isaiah 61:3).

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

What about your relationship with Jesus brings you the greatest joy?
How has He met you recently in a time of hardship or grief?

Lord, no matter my circumstances, help me to find joy in You.
