https://odb.org/2020/11/24/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Taught by Turkeys

Look at the birds of the air; they do not sow or reap or store away in
barns, and yet your heavenly Father feeds them.
Matthew 6:26

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 6:25–34

Do you know what a group of turkeys is called? It’s called a rafter.
Why am I writing about turkeys? Because I’ve just returned from a
weekend at a mountain cabin. Each day, I marveled at the train of
turkeys parading past our porch.

I’d never turkey-watched before. They scratched fiercely with
spectacular talons. Then they hunted and pecked at the ground. Eating,
I assume. (Since this was my first turkey-observation time, I wasn’t
100 percent positive.) The scrawny scrubs in the area didn’t look like
they could sustain anything. Yet here were these turkeys, a dozen of
them, all of which looked delectably plump.

Watching those well-fed turkeys brought to mind Jesus’ words in
Matthew 6:26: “Look at the birds of the air; they do not sow or reap
or store away in barns, and yet your heavenly Father feeds them. Are
you not much more valuable than they?” Jesus uses God’s provision for
seemingly worthless birds to remind us of His care for us. If a bird’s
life matters, how much more does ours? Jesus then contrasts fretting
about our daily needs (vv. 27–31) with a life in which we “seek first
his kingdom and his righteousness” (v. 33), one in which we’re
confident of His rich provision for our needs. Because if God can care
for that rafter of wild turkeys, He can certainly look after you and
me.

By:  Adam R. Holz

Reflect & Pray

Where have you seen God provide for something that you were worrying
about? How might remembering and reflecting on His provision in the
past help you not to be anxious in the future?

Father, sometimes I get scared. I worry. I struggle to trust. Thank
You for Your care for me. Help me to remember Your provision in the
past so I’m better able to trust You with future fears.
