https://odb.org/2020/07/27/cultivating-gods-world/?utm_source=feedburn
er&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%
29

Cultivating God’s World

The Lord God took the man and put him in the Garden of Eden to work it
and take care of it.
Genesis 2:15

Today's Scripture & Insight: Genesis 1:26–27; 2:15

“Dad, why do you have to go to work?” The question from my young
daughter was motivated by her desire to play with me. I would have
preferred to skip work and spend time with her, but there was a
growing list of things at work that required my attention. The
question, nevertheless, is a good one. Why do we work? Is it simply to
provide for ourselves and for the people we love? What about labor
that’s unpaid—why do we do that?

Genesis 2 tells us that God placed the first human in the garden to
“work it and take care of it” (v. 15). My father-in-law is a farmer,
and he often tells me he farms for the sheer love of land and
livestock. That’s beautiful, but it leaves lingering questions for
those who don’t love their work. Why did God put us in a particular
place with a particular assignment?

Genesis 1 gives us the answer. We’re made in God’s image to carefully
steward the world He made (v. 26). Pagan stories of the way the world
began reveal “gods” making humans to be their slaves. Genesis declares
that the one true God made humans to be His representatives—to steward
what He’d made on His behalf. May we reflect His wise and loving order
into the world. Work is a call to cultivate God’s world for His glory.

By:  Glenn Packiam

Reflect & Pray

What’s the work God has given you to do? How could you cultivate this
“field” by bringing order into it and bringing good from it, by His
grace?

Dear God, thank You for the honor of joining You in Your work in the
world. Help me to reflect Your love, wisdom, and order in my life and
in the place where I work.
