https://odb.org/2019/07/21/never-too-late/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Never Too Late

Overhearing what they said, Jesus told him, “Don’t be afraid; just
believe.”
Mark 5:36

Today's Scripture & Insight: Mark 5:35–43

During the anxious moments that followed my mother-in-law’s heart
attack, she was fortunate to receive immediate medical care. Later,
her doctor told me that treatment within fifteen minutes of a heart
attack results in a survival rate of 33 percent for critical patients.
But just 5 percent survive if treated beyond that time frame.

On the way to heal Jairus’s desperately ill daughter (someone
definitely needing immediate medical care), Jesus did the unthinkable:
He paused (Mark 5:30). He stopped to identify who touched Him, and
then spoke gently with the woman. You can imagine what Jairus was
thinking: There’s no time for this, my daughter is dying! And then,
his worst fears came true—Jesus appeared to have delayed too long and
his daughter passed away (v. 35).

But Jesus turned to Jairus and offered a word of encouragement: “Don’t
be afraid; just believe” (v. 36). Then, calmly ignoring the mockery of
onlookers, Christ spoke to Jairus’s daughter and she came back to
life! He revealed that He can never be too late. Time can’t limit what
He’s able to do and when He chooses to do it.

How often do we feel like Jairus, thinking that God was simply too
late to accomplish what we had hoped for. But with God, there’s no
such thing. He’s never too late in fulfilling His good and merciful
work in our lives.

By:  Peter W. Chin

Reflect & Pray

How have you recently experienced the reality of God’s timing? Why is
it vital for you to rest in God’s sovereignty—acknowledging that His
plans are the best?

Jesus, help me to remember that You’re sovereign even over time
itself, and that You’re never too late to accomplish Your perfect
plans.
