https://odb.org/2020/06/22/eternal-eyes/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Eternal Eyes

We fix our eyes not on what is seen, but on what is unseen.
2 Corinthians 4:18

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Corinthians 4:7–18

Eternal eyes, that’s what my friend Madeline prays her children and
grandchildren would have. Her family has gone through a tumultuous
season that ended with the death of her daughter. As the family
grieves from this horrific loss, Madeline longs for them to be less
and less nearsighted—consumed by the pain of this world. And to be
more and more farsighted—filled with hope in our loving God.

The apostle Paul and his co-workers experienced great suffering at the
hands of persecutors and even from believers who tried to discredit
them. Yet, they had their eyes fixed on eternity. Paul boldly
acknowledged that “we fix our eyes not on what is seen, but on what is
unseen, since what is seen is temporary, but what is unseen is
eternal” (2 Corinthians 4:18).

Although they were doing God’s work, they lived with the reality of
being “hard pressed on every side,” “perplexed,” “persecuted,” and
“struck down” (vv. 8–9). Shouldn’t God have delivered them from these
troubles? But instead of being disappointed, Paul built his hope on
the “eternal glory” that supersedes momentary troubles (v. 17). He
knew God’s power was at work in him and had complete assurance that
“the one who raised the Lord Jesus from the dead will also raise us
with Jesus” (v. 14).

When our world around us feels shaky, may we turn our eyes to God—the
eternal Rock that will never be destroyed.

By:  Estera Pirosca Escobar

Reflect & Pray

In what do you choose to hope in spite of your difficulties? How have
you experienced God’s faithfulness?

I lift my eyes to You today, O God. Give me a glimpse of the security
I have in You.
