https://odb.org/2019/10/20/not-second-rate/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Not Second Rate

Greet Andronicus and Junia, my fellow Jews who have been in prison
with me. They are outstanding among the apostles.
Romans 16:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 16:3–13

After the conclusion of the First World War, US President Woodrow
Wilson was recognized as one of the most powerful leaders on earth.
But few knew that after a devastating stroke in 1919, it was his wife
who managed nearly all of his affairs, determining which issues should
be brought to his attention. In fact, modern historians believe that
for a short while, it was really Edith Wilson who served as the
president of the United States.

If asked to name the leaders of the early church, most of us would
list Peter, Paul, and Timothy as a handful possessing well-documented
gifts. But in Romans 16, Paul lists nearly forty people of diverse
backgrounds—men, women, slaves, Jews, and gentiles—all of whom
contributed to the life of the church in diverse ways.

And far from considering them second-rate members of the church, it’s
clear that Paul held these people in the highest regard. He describes
them as outstanding among the apostles (v. 7)—people to be celebrated
for their service for Jesus.

Many of us feel that we’re too ordinary to be leaders in the church.
But the truth is that each of us has gifts that can be used to serve
and help others. In God’s strength, let’s use our gifts to His honor!

By:  Peter W. Chin

Reflect & Pray

As a member of the body of Christ, why should you never feel like
you’re unimportant? What are some ways you can serve the people in
your church?

Jesus, help me to remember that I am an important part of the body of
Christ!
