https://odb.org/2020/09/11/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Fire in the Desert

I am sending you to Pharaoh to bring my people the Israelites out of
Egypt.
Exodus 3:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Exodus 3:1–10

While riding in the Chihuahuan Desert in the late 1800s, Jim White
spotted a strange cloud of smoke spiraling skyward. Suspecting a
wildfire, the young cowboy rode toward the source, only to learn that
the “smoke” was a vast swarm of bats spilling from a hole in the
ground. White had come across New Mexico’s Carlsbad Caverns, an
immense and spectacular system of caves.

As Moses was tending sheep in a Middle Eastern desert, he too saw an
odd sight that grabbed his attention—a flaming bush that didn’t burn
up (Exodus 3:2). When God Himself spoke from the bush, Moses realized
he had come to something far grander than it had first appeared. He
told Moses, “I am the God of your father, the God of Abraham” (v. 6).
God was about to lead an enslaved people to freedom and show them
their true identity as His children (v. 10).

More than six hundred years earlier, God had made this promise to
Abraham: “All peoples on earth will be blessed through you” (Genesis
12:3). The flight of the Israelites from Egypt was but one step in
that blessing—God’s plan to rescue His creation through the Messiah,
Abraham’s descendant.

Today we can enjoy the benefits of that blessing, for God offers this
rescue to everyone. Christ came to die for the sins of the whole
world. By faith in Him, we too become children of the living God.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

What surprising things have helped you learn about God? How are you
living in the knowledge that you are one of His children?

Thank You, Father, for making Yourself accessible to me despite Your
great power, holiness, and overwhelming presence.
