http://odb.org/2015/04/02/enjoying-his-meal/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Enjoying His Meal

Do this in remembrance of Me. —
1 Corinthians 11:24

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Corinthians 11:23-34

It’s not about the table, whether it’s square or round. It’s not about
the chairs—plastic or wooden. It’s not about the food, although it
helps if it has been cooked with love. A good meal is enjoyed when we
turn off the TV and our cell phones and concentrate on those we’re
with.

I love gathering around the table, enjoying a good chat with friends
and family and talking about a multitude of topics. However, instant
technology has made it difficult. Sometimes we are more concerned
about what others—sometimes miles away—have to say than what the
person just across the table is saying.

We have been invited to another meal at the table when we come
together in one place to celebrate the Lord’s Supper. It’s not about
the church, if it’s big or small. It’s not about the type of bread.
It’s about turning off our thoughts from our worries and concerns and
focusing on Jesus.

When was the last time we enjoyed being at the Lord’s Table? Do we
enjoy His presence, or are we more concerned with what’s going on
somewhere else? This is important, “for as often as you eat this bread
and drink this cup, you proclaim the Lord’s death till He comes”
(1 Cor. 11:26).

By:  Keila Ochoa

Reflect & Pray

I want to learn, dear Lord, when I sit at Your Table, to concentrate
only on Your great love and sacrifice for us. Help me to enjoy the
fellowship of others as we remember together what Jesus did for us at
Calvary.

Remembering Christ’s death gives us courage for today and hope for
tomorrow.
