https://odb.org/2020/09/30/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Rooted in Love

I pray that you, being rooted and established in love, may have power
. . . to grasp . . . the love of Christ.
Ephesians 3:17–18

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ephesians 3:14–21

“That’s all it takes!” Megan said. She had clipped a stem from her
geranium plant, dipped the cut end into honey, and stuck it into a pot
filled with compost. Megan was teaching me how to propagate geraniums:
how to turn one healthy plant into many plants, so I would have
flowers to share with others. The honey, she said, was to help the
young plant establish roots.

Watching her work, I wondered what kinds of things help us establish
spiritual roots. What helps us mature into strong, flourishing people
of faith? What keeps us from withering up or failing to grow? Paul,
writing to the Ephesians, says that we are “rooted and established in
love” (Ephesians 3:17). This love comes from God, who strengthens us
by giving us the Holy Spirit. Christ dwells in our hearts. And as we
begin to “grasp how wide and long and high and deep is the love of
Christ” (v. 18), we can have a rich experience of God’s presence as
we’re “completely filled and flooded with God Himself” (v. 19 amp ).

Growing spiritually requires rooting into the love of God—meditating
on the truth that we are beloved by the God who is able to do
“immeasurably more than all we ask or imagine” (v. 20). What an
incredible basis for our faith!

By:  Amy Peterson

Reflect & Pray

How can you cultivate a habit of meditating on God’s love? Who could
you share the truth of God’s love with today?

God, thank You for Your love for me. Help me to meditate on the truth
of that love. May Your love grow in my heart, bringing beauty to my
life and to a world in need.
