https://odb.org/2020/05/30/do-whatever/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Do Whatever

For without him, who can eat or find enjoyment?
Ecclesiastes 2:25

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ecclesiastes 2:17–25

In a recent film, a self-proclaimed “genius” rants to the camera about
the world’s “horror, corruption, ignorance, and poverty,” declaring
life to be godless and absurd. While such thinking isn’t unusual in
many modern film scripts, what’s interesting is where it leads. In the
end, the lead character turns to the audience and implores us to do
whatever it takes to find a little happiness. For him, this includes
leaving traditional morality behind.

But will “do whatever” work? Facing his own despair at life’s horrors,
the Old Testament writer of Ecclesiastes gave it a try long ago,
searching for happiness through pleasure (Ecclesiastes 2:1, 10), grand
work projects (vv. 4–6), riches (vv. 7–9), and philosophical inquiry
(vv. 12–16). And his assessment? “All of it is meaningless, a chasing
after the wind” (v. 17). None of these things is immune to death,
disaster, or injustice (5:13–17).

Only one thing brings the writer of Ecclesiastes back from despair.
Despite life’s trials, we can find fulfillment when God is part of our
living and working: “for without him, who can eat or find enjoyment?”
(2:25). Life will at times feel meaningless, but “remember your
Creator” (12:1). Don’t exhaust yourself trying to figure life out, but
“fear God and keep his commandments” (v. 13).

Without God as our center, life’s pleasures and sorrows lead only to
disillusionment.

By:  Sheridan Voysey

Reflect & Pray

How much do you seek happiness through things that won’t last? Since
the writer of Ecclesiastes didn’t know the hope of resurrection, how
would you consider his search in light of Romans 8:11, 18–25?

God, today I place You anew at the center of my living, working, joys,
and disappointments, for without You nothing will satisfy or make
sense.
