http://odb.org/2015/01/26/strengthen-my-hands/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Strengthen My Hands

Now therefore, O God, strengthen my hands. —
Nehemiah 6:9

Today's Scripture: Nehemiah 6:1-9,15

Singapore’s first Prime Minister, Lee Kuan Yew, is the man credited
with making Singapore what it is today. During his leadership,
Singapore grew to be rich and prosperous and one of the most developed
nations in Asia. Asked if he ever felt like giving up when he faced
criticism and challenges during his many years of public service, he
replied, “This is a life-long commitment.”

Nehemiah, who led in the rebuilding of the wall of Jerusalem, refused
to give up. He faced insults and intimidation from the enemies all
around him as well as injustices from his own people (Neh. 4–5). His
enemies even insinuated that he had a personal agenda (6:6-7). He
sought help from God while taking every defensive step he could.

Despite the challenges, the wall was completed in 52 days (6:15). But
Nehemiah’s work was not complete. He encouraged the Israelites to
study the Scriptures, to worship, and to keep God’s law. After
completing 12 years as governor (5:14), he returned to make sure his
reforms were continuing (13:6). Nehemiah had a life-long commitment to
leading the people.

We all face challenges and difficulties in life. But as God helped
Nehemiah, He will also strengthen our hands (6:9) for the rest of our
lives in whatever tasks He gives to us.

By:  C. P. Hia

Reflect & Pray

Dear Lord, sometimes it’s easy to get discouraged when faced with
criticism or challenges. Help me to persevere and grant me the
strength to be faithful to what You have called me to do.

Life’s challenges are designed not to break us but to bend us toward
God.
