https://odb.org/2018/02/11/fault-lines/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Fault Lines

They presented these men to the apostles, who prayed and laid their
hands on them. So the word of God spread.
Acts 6:6–7

Today's Scripture & Insight: Acts 6:1–7

An influx of refugees to our community has led to new growth in area
churches. That growth brings challenges. Church members must learn how
to welcome these newcomers as they adjust to a strange culture, new
language, and different worship styles. All this change can create
some awkward situations.

Misunderstandings and disagreements occur everywhere we find people.
Church is no exception. If we don’t handle our differences in a
healthy way, they can harden into divisions.

The early church in Jerusalem was growing when a dispute arose that
broke along a cultural fault line. The Greek-speaking Jews (the
Hellenists) had a complaint against those Jews who spoke Aramaic. The
Hellenist widows “were being overlooked in the daily distribution of
food” (Acts 6:1). So the apostles said, “Choose seven men from among
you who are known to be full of the Spirit and wisdom” (v. 3). The
seven chosen all had Greek names (v. 5). In other words, they were
Hellenists, members of the group being neglected. They best understood
the problem. The apostles prayed over them and the church thrived (vv.
6–7).

Growth brings challenges, in part because it increases interactions
across traditional barriers. But as we seek the Holy Spirit’s
guidance, we’ll find creative solutions as potential problems turn
into opportunities for more growth.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Father, help us to recognize the barriers that keep us from living in
the unity You desire for Your church.

Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working
together is success.
