http://odb.org/2013/10/30/the-last-chapter/

The Last Chapter

Let your gentleness be known to all men. The Lord is at hand. —
Philippians 4:5

Today's Scripture: Revelation 22:6-20

I have a friend who reads the last chapter first when she starts a new
thriller. “Takes the anxiety out of reading,” she claims. So with
Christians: Because we know the end of the story, we can be centers of
peace in the midst of utter chaos, calm in the face of disaster.

The apostle Paul calls this attitude “moderation” in Philippians 4:5
(kjv). It’s a term that implies “peace under pressure.” It refers to
the calm and deliberate strength with which we meet the disquieting
circumstances of our days. Kingdoms may fall, friends may falter,
churches may fold, oceans may rise, and mountains may crumble, but we
can be at peace.

How do we maintain such composure? By remembering that “the Lord is at
hand” (Phil. 4:5); He is near. Our Lord is standing just outside the
door ready to burst through and turn everything that’s wrong right-
side up. Then this world and all its troubles will become the kingdom
of our Lord, and “the earth will be filled with the knowledge of the
glory of the Lord, as the waters cover the sea” (Hab. 2:14).

Jesus said, “Surely I am coming quickly” (Rev. 22:20). Today could be
the day! It’s the very last thing He said in the very last chapter of
His book.

By:  David H. Roper

Reflect & Pray

Lord, thank You for dispelling the fear from our lives by letting us
know the end of the story. We can rest in the assurance that as Your
followers we will one day be with You in Your glorious, eternal
kingdom.

No doctrine is more closely linked to practical daily living than that
of the Lord’s return.
