https://odb.org/2019/06/26/your-eulogy/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Your Eulogy

Death is the destiny of everyone; the living should take this to
heart.
Ecclesiastes 7:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ecclesiastes 7:1–6

My heart is full from attending the funeral of a faithful woman. Her
life wasn’t spectacular. She wasn’t known widely outside her church,
neighbors, and friends. But she loved Jesus, her seven children, and
her twenty-five grandchildren. She laughed easily, served generously,
and could hit a softball a long way.

Ecclesiastes says, “It is better to go to a house of mourning than to
go to a house of feasting” (7:2). “The heart of the wise is in the
house of mourning” because there we learn what matters most (7:4). New
York Times columnist David Brooks says there are two kinds of virtues:
those that look good on a résumé and those you want said at your
funeral. Sometimes these overlap, though often they seem to compete.
When in doubt, always choose the eulogy virtues.

The woman in the casket didn’t have a résumé, but her children
testified that “she rocked Proverbs 31” and its description of a godly
woman. She inspired them to love Jesus and care for others. As Paul
said, “Follow my example, as I follow the example of Christ” (1
Corinthians 11:1), so they challenged us to imitate their mother’s
life as she imitated Jesus.

What will be said at your funeral? What do you want said? It’s not too
late to develop eulogy virtues. Rest in Jesus. His salvation frees us
to live for what matters most.

By:  Mike Wittmer

Reflect & Pray

Are you living out things that will affect your résumé or your eulogy?
How would your life change if you lived each day with your eulogy in
mind?

Father, give me the courage to live for what matters most.
