http://odb.org/2017/01/27/unseen-heroes/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Unseen Heroes

Aaron and Hur held [Moses’s] hands up—one on one side, one on the
other—so that his hands remained steady till sunset.
Exodus 17:12

Today's Scripture & Insight: Exodus 17:8–15

Stories in the Bible can make us stop and wonder. For instance, when
Moses led God’s people to the Promised Land and the Amalekites
attacked, how did he know to go to the top of the hill and hold up
God’s staff? (Ex. 17:8–15). We aren’t told, but we learn that when
Moses raised his hands, the Israelites would win the battle, and when
he lowered them, the Amalekites would win. When Moses got tired, his
brother Aaron and another man, Hur, held up Moses’s arms so the
Israelites could triumph.

We aren’t told much about Hur, but he played a crucial role at this
point in Israel’s history. This reminds us that unseen heroes matter,
that supporters and those who encourage leaders play a key and often
overlooked role. Leaders may be the ones mentioned in the history
books or lauded on social media, but the quiet, faithful witness of
those who serve in other ways is not overlooked by the Lord. He sees
the person who intercedes daily in prayer for friends and family. He
sees the woman who puts away the chairs each Sunday in church. He sees
the neighbor who reaches out with a word of encouragement.

God is using us, even if our task feels insignificant. And may we
notice and thank any unseen heroes who help us.

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

Dear Father, thank You for creating me and gifting me in my own unique
way. Help me to serve You and others faithfully and to appreciate
those You have sent to help me.

Unseen heroes are always seen by God.
