https://odb.org/2020/11/11/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Returning Home

In distant lands they will remember me . . . and they will return.
Zechariah 10:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: Zechariah 10:6–12

Walter Dixon had five days to honeymoon before he shipped off to the
Korean War. Less than a year later, troops found Dixon’s jacket on the
battlefield, with letters from his wife stuffed in the pockets.
Military officials informed his young wife that her husband had been
killed in action. Actually, Dixon was alive and spent the next 2.5
years as a POW. Every waking hour, he plotted to get home. Dixon
escaped five times but was always recaptured. Finally, he was set
free. You can imagine the shock when he returned home!

God’s people knew what it was to be captured, moved far away, and to
long for home. Due to their rebellion against God, they were exiles.
They woke each morning yearning to return, but they had no way to
rescue themselves. Thankfully, God promised He’d not forgotten them.
“I will restore them because I have compassion on them” (Zechariah
10:6). He would meet the people’s relentless ache for home, not
because of their perseverance, but because of His mercy: “I will
signal for them . . . and they will return” (vv. 8–9).

Our sense of exile may come because of our bad decisions or because of
hardships beyond our control. Either way, God hasn’t forgotten us. He
knows our desire and will call to us. And if we’ll answer, we’ll find
ourselves returning to Him—returning home.

By:  Winn Collier

Reflect & Pray

Where do you sense exile in your life? How are you hearing God calling
you, showing you how to return home?

God, I feel far away from You. I know You’re near, but I feel so
distant. Would You help me to hear Your call? Would You bring me home?
