https://odb.org/2019/10/14/strengthened-in-song/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Strengthened in Song

I will sing of your strength, in the morning I will sing of your love;
for you are my fortress.
Psalm 59:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 59:1, 14–17

When French villagers helped Jewish refugees hide from the Nazis
during World War II, some sang songs in the dense forest surrounding
their town—letting the refugees know it was safe to come out from
hiding. These brave townspeople of Le Chambon-sur-Lignon had answered
the call of local pastor André Trocmé and his wife, Magda, to offer
wartime refuge to Jews on their windswept plateau known as “La
Montagne Protestante.” Their musical signal became just one feature of
the villagers’ bravery that helped save up to 3,000 Jews from almost
certain death.

In another dangerous time, David sang when his enemy Saul sent
nighttime assassins to his house. His use of music wasn’t a signal;
rather, it was his song of gratitude to God his refuge. David
rejoiced, “I will sing of your strength, in the morning I will sing of
your love; for you are my fortress, my refuge in times of trouble”
(Psalm 59:16).

Such singing isn’t “whistling in the dark” during danger. Instead,
David’s singing conveyed his trust in almighty God. “You, God, are my
fortress, my God on whom I can rely” (v. 17).

David’s praise, and the villagers’ singing in Le Chambon, offer an
invitation to bless God today with our singing, making melody to Him
despite the worries of life. His loving presence will respond,
strengthening our hearts.

By:  Patricia Raybon

Reflect & Pray

How do you feel when you’re singing your favorite praise song? Why do
praise songs inspire us to feel stronger?

Dear God, strengthen my heart with praises that transform my fears and
worries into worship of You.
