https://odb.org/2017/08/14/love-for-children/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Love for Children

Let the children come to me. Don’t stop them! For the Kingdom of
Heaven belongs to those who are like these children.
Matthew 19:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 18:1–10

Thomas Barnado entered the London Hospital medical school in 1865,
dreaming of life as a medical missionary in China. Barnado soon
discovered a desperate need in his own front yard—the many homeless
children living and dying on the streets of London. Barnado determined
to do something about this horrendous situation. Developing homes for
destitute children in London’s east end, Barnado rescued some 60,000
boys and girls from poverty and possible early death. Theologian and
pastor John Stott said, “Today we might call him the patron saint of
street kids.”

Jesus said, “Let the children come to me. Don’t stop them! For the
Kingdom of Heaven belongs to those who are like these children” (Matt.
19:14 nlt ). Imagine the surprise the crowds—and Jesus’s own
disciples—must have felt at this declaration. In the ancient world,
children had little value and were largely relegated to the margins of
life. Yet Jesus welcomed, blessed, and valued children.

James, a New Testament writer, challenged Christ-followers saying,
“Pure and lasting religion in the sight of God our Father means that
we must care for orphans . . . in their troubles” (James 1:27 nlt ).
Today, like those first-century orphans, children of every social
strata, ethnicity, and family environment are at risk due to neglect,
human trafficking, abuse, drugs, and more. How can we honor the Father
who loves us by showing His care for these little ones Jesus welcomes?

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

See the book A Cup of Cold Water in His Name: 60 Ways to Care for the
Needy by Lorie Newman at dhp.org/jd007.html.

Be an expression of the love of Jesus.
