https://odb.org/2020/08/16/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Big Enough

Let the little children come to me, and do not hinder them, for the
kingdom of God belongs to such as these.
Luke 18:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 18:15–17

My grandson ran to the roller coaster line and stood with his back
against the height-requirement sign to see if he was big enough to
ride. He squealed with joy when his head exceeded the mark.

So much of life is about being “big” enough, isn’t it? To move from
car seat to seatbelt and from the back seat to the front. To take a
driver’s test. To vote. To get married. Like my grandson, we can spend
our lives longing to grow up.

In New Testament times, children were loved but not highly valued in
society until they “became of age” and could contribute to the home
and enter the synagogue with adult privileges. Jesus shattered the
standards of His day by welcoming the impoverished, the diseased, and
even children. Three gospels (Matthew, Mark, and Luke) tell of parents
bringing little children to Jesus so that He might lay hands on them
and pray for them (Matthew 19:13; Mark 10:16).

The disciples rebuked the adults for what they saw as an
inconvenience. At this, Jesus was “indignant” (Mark 10:14) and opened
His arms to the little ones. He elevated their value in His kingdom
and challenged all to become like children themselves—to embrace their
vulnerability and need for Him in order to know Him (Luke 18:17). It’s
our childlike need that makes us “big” enough to receive His love.

By:  Elisa Morgan

Reflect & Pray

How might you need to remain small in order to know God? What does His
love, the love of a heavenly Father, mean to you?

Dear God, help me embrace my need for You today that You might draw me
closer, like a child, to Your heart. To learn more about Jesus and His
life, visit christianuniversity.org/courses/life-of-christ/.
