https://odb.org/2020/12/17/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Leave a Little Behind

Leave them for the poor and for the foreigner residing among you.
Leviticus 23:22

Today's Scripture & Insight: Leviticus 23:15–22

Pennies, nickels, dimes, quarters, and occasionally a half-dollar.
That’s what you’d find on the nightstand beside his bed. He’d empty
his pockets each evening and leave the contents there, for he knew
eventually they’d come to visit—they being his grandchildren. Over the
years the kids learned to visit his nightstand as soon as they
arrived. He could have put all that spare change in a coin bank or
even stored it away in a savings account. But he didn’t. He delighted
in leaving it there for the little ones, the precious guests in his
home.

A similar mindset is what’s expressed in Leviticus 23 when it comes to
bringing in the harvest from the land. God, via Moses, told the people
something quite counterintuitive: not to “reap to the very edges of
your field or gather the gleanings of your harvest” (v. 22).
Essentially, He said, “Leave a little behind.” This instruction
reminded the people that God was behind the harvest in the first
place, and that He used His people to provide for those of little
account (the strangers in the land).

Such thinking is definitely not the norm in our world. But it’s
exactly the kind of mindset that will characterize the grateful sons
and daughters of God. He delights in a generous heart. And that often
comes through you and me.

By:  John Blase

Reflect & Pray

What’s your first reaction to the thought of “leaving a little
behind”? What’s one way you could practice such thankful generosity
toward the poor or the strangers in your life?

Loving God, thank You for Your provision in my life. Give me eyes to
see ways in which I can share with others, especially those poor and
in need.
