https://odb.org/2019/08/08/a-legacy-of-faith/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Legacy of Faith

I am reminded of your sincere faith, which first lived in your
grandmother Lois and in your mother Eunice.
2 Timothy 1:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Timothy 1:5–14

Long before the decisive moment when Billy Graham came to faith in
Christ at age sixteen, his parents’ devotion to Jesus was evident.
They’d both come to faith while growing up within a family of
believers. After their marriage, Billy’s parents continued that legacy
by lovingly nurturing their children, including praying and reading
Scripture and attending church faithfully with them. The solid
foundation Graham’s parents laid for Billy was part of the soil God
used to bring him to faith and, eventually, to his calling as a bold
evangelist.

The apostle Paul’s young protégé Timothy also benefited from a strong
spiritual foundation. Paul wrote, “Your sincere faith . . . first
lived in your grandmother Lois and in your mother Eunice” (2 Timothy
1:5). This legacy helped prepare and steer Timothy’s heart toward
faith in Christ.

Now Paul urged Timothy to carry on this faith tradition (v. 5), to
“fan into flame the gift of God” within him through the Holy Spirit,
who “gives us power” (vv. 6–7). Because of the power of the Spirit,
Timothy could fearlessly live for the gospel (v. 8). A strong
spiritual legacy doesn’t guarantee we’ll come to faith, but the
example and mentoring of others can help prepare the way. And after we
receive Jesus as Savior, the Spirit will guide us in service, in
living for Him, and even in nurturing the faith of others.

By:  Alyson Kieda

Reflect & Pray

Who or what did God use to help to lay the foundation for your faith?
How can you help to do this in someone’s life today?

God, thank You for the believers who helped shape my faith. Help me to
rely on Christ’s Spirit for the strength to boldly witness for You.
