http://odb.org/2013/01/22/choose-your-god/

Choose Your God

Choose for yourselves this day whom you will serve . . . . But as for
me and my house, we will serve the Lord. —
Joshua 24:15

Today's Scripture: Joshua 24:14-18

I recently saw a commercial for an online game based on Greek
mythology. It spoke about armies, mythological gods, heroes, and
quests. What got my attention was the description of how to get the
game started. You go online to register, choose your god, then build
your empire.

Wow! “Choose your god.” Those words, though presented casually in the
ad, struck me as being characteristic of one of the most dangerous
things about our world. In a game, it may be insignificant what “god”
you choose; but in the real world that choice has eternal
consequences.

To a generation of Israelites surrounded by the gods of their day,
Joshua declared that they must choose their god—but it must not be
done in a cavalier way. He set the example as he said, “Choose for
yourselves this day whom you will serve, whether the gods which your
fathers served that were on the other side of the River, or the gods
of the Amorites, in whose land you dwell. But as for me and my house,
we will serve the Lord” (Josh. 24:15).

Today, as in the days of Joshua, there are many options. But there is
only one wise choice—the true God. Joshua made the right choice. “We
will serve the Lord.”

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

The gods of this world are empty and vain, They cannot give peace to
one’s heart; The living and true One deserves all our love— From Him
may we never depart. —D. DeHaan

Nothing can fill the emptiness in your heart except God.
