http://odb.org/2014/09/04/the-barking-lion/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Barking Lion

A good name is to be chosen rather than great riches. —
Proverbs 22:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: Proverbs 22:1-5

Visitors to a zoo were outraged when the “African lion” started
barking instead of roaring. Zoo staff said they had disguised a
Tibetan mastiff—a very large dog—as a lion because they could not
afford the real thing. Needless to say, the zoo’s reputation was
sullied and people will think twice before visiting it.

Reputation is fragile; once it’s damaged, it’s hard to restore. It is
not uncommon to sacrifice a good reputation on the altar of power,
prestige, or profit. This too could be our story. Scripture encourages
us: “A good name is to be chosen rather than great riches” (Prov.
22:1). God is telling us that true value must be placed not in what we
have but in who we are.

Ancient Greek philosopher Socrates said, “The way to gain a good
reputation is to endeavor to be what you desire to appear.” As
followers of Jesus, we bear His name. Because of His love for us, we
strive to walk worthy of Him, reflecting His likeness in our words and
deeds.

When we fail, He picks us up again by His love. By our example, others
around us will be led to praise the God who has redeemed and
transformed us (Matt. 5:16)—for the name of the Lord is worthy of
glory, honor, and all praise.

By:  Poh Fang Chia

Reflect & Pray

Lord, I do want to walk worthy of Your name because You have made me
Your own. I know I can’t live perfectly, but I want to reflect to
others a little of who You are. Please show Yourself through me.

The purest treasure mortal times afford is a spotless reputation.
—Shakespeare
