https://odb.org/2019/06/01/objects-in-mirror/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Objects in Mirror

I press on toward the goal to win the prize for which God has called
me heavenward in Christ Jesus.
Philippians 3:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: Philippians 3:7–14

“Must. Go. Faster.” That’s what Dr. Ian Malcolm, played by Jeff
Goldblum, says in an iconic scene from the 1993 movie Jurassic Park as
he and two other characters flee in a Jeep from a rampaging
tyrannosaurus. When the driver looks in the rearview mirror, he sees
the raging reptile’s jaw—right above the words: “OBJECTS IN MIRROR MAY
BE CLOSER THAN THEY APPEAR.”

The scene is a masterful combination of intensity and grim humor. But
sometimes the “monsters” from our past feel like they’ll never stop
pursuing us. We look in the “mirror” of our lives and see mistakes
looming right there, threatening to consume us with guilt or shame.

The apostle Paul understood the past’s potentially paralyzing power.
He’d spent years trying to live perfectly apart from Christ, and even
persecuted Christians (Philippians 3:1–9). Regret over his past could
easily have crippled him.

But Paul found such beauty and power in his relationship with Christ
that he was compelled to let go of his old life (vv. 8–9). That freed
him to look forward in faith instead of backward in fear or regret:
“One thing I do: Forgetting what is behind and straining toward what
is ahead, I press on toward the goal” (vv. 13–14).

Our redemption in Christ has freed us to live for Him. We don’t have
to let those “objects in (our) mirror” dictate our direction as we
continue forward.

By:  Adam R. Holz

Reflect & Pray

How do Paul’s insights on Christ's forgiveness of us speak into those
issues in your life? If you’re struggling with a past choice, who
might you talk to for help to “press on”?


