https://odb.org/2019/10/09/hang-in-there/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Hang in There

I will strengthen you and help you; I will uphold you with my
righteous right hand.
Isaiah 41:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 41:8–13

My father-in-law turned seventy-eight recently, and during our family
gathering to honor him, someone asked him, “What’s the most important
thing you’ve learned in your life so far?” His answer? “Hang in
there.”

Hang in there. It might be tempting to dismiss those words as
simplistic. But my father-in-law wasn’t promoting blind optimism or
positive thinking. He’s endured tough things in his nearly eight
decades. His determination to press on wasn’t grounded in some vague
hope that things might get better, but in Christ’s work in his life.

“Hanging in there”—the Bible calls it perseverance—isn’t possible
through mere willpower. We persevere because God promised, over and
over, that He’s with us, that He’ll give us strength, and that He’ll
accomplish His purposes in our lives. That’s the message He spoke to
the Israelites through Isaiah: “So do not fear, for I am with you; do
not be dismayed, for I am your God. I will strengthen you and help
you; I will uphold you with my righteous right hand” (Isaiah 41:10).

What does it take to “hang in there”? According to Isaiah, the
foundation for hope is God’s character. Knowing God’s goodness allows
us to release our grip on fear so we can cling to the Father and His
promise that He will provide what we need each day: strength, help,
and God’s comforting, empowering, and upholding presence.

By:  Adam R. Holz

Reflect & Pray

How have you experienced God’s provision for you in moments of fear?
How can the support of other believers help you to hang on?

Father, Your love gives us everything we need to “hang in there.” Help
us to remember Your promise of strength and to rely upon it each day.
