http://odb.org/2016/06/21/learning-to-love-2/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Learning to Love

Follow the way of love.
1 Corinthians 14:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Corinthians 13

Love does more than make “the world go round,” as an old song says. It
also makes us immensely vulnerable. From time to time, we may say to
ourselves: “Why love when others do not show appreciation?” or “Why
love and open myself up to hurt?” But the apostle Paul gives a clear
and simple reason to pursue love: “These three remain: faith, hope and
love. But the greatest of these is love. Follow the way of love” (1
Cor. 13:13–14:1).

“Love is an activity, the essential activity of God himself,” writes
Bible commentator C. K. Barrett, “and when men love either Him or
their fellow-men, they are doing (however imperfectly) what God does.”
And God is pleased when we act like Him.

To begin following the way of love, think about how you might live out
the characteristics listed in 1 Corinthians 13:4–7. For example, how
can I show my child the same patience God shows me? How can I show
kindness and respect for my parents? What does it mean to look out for
the interests of others when I am at work? When something good happens
to my friend, do I rejoice with her or am I envious?

As we “follow the way of love,” we’ll find ourselves often turning to
God, the source of love, and to Jesus, the greatest example of love.
Only then will we gain a deeper knowledge of what true love is and
find the strength to love others like God loves us.

By:  Poh Fang Chia

Reflect & Pray

God, thank You that You are love and that You love me so much. Help me
to love others the way Jesus showed us so that the whole world will
know I am Your child.

Love comes from God. Everyone who loves has been born of God and knows
God. 1 John 4:7
