http://odb.org/2010/02/01/the-written-word/

The Written Word

Whatever things were written before were written . . . that we through
the patience and comfort of the Scriptures might have hope. —
Romans 15:4

Today's Scripture: Romans 15:4-13

Last January, ESPN television ran a compelling feature about
Indianapolis Colts quarterback Peyton Manning, who had just been named
the NFL’s Most Valuable Player. But the feature was not about
football. Instead, it explained that for several years, when certain
competitors Manning admired were retiring from the NFL, he took time
to handwrite a note to them, congratulating them on their careers and
their character.

Each recipient who was interviewed expressed deep appreciation that
one of the greatest players of all time would do that. It was a great
reminder of the power of the written word.

While a written note from a respected athlete such as Peyton Manning
has much value, no human’s words can compare with the written Word we
have from God in Scripture. Paul wrote, “Whatever things were written
before were written for our learning, that we through the patience and
comfort of the Scriptures might have hope” (Rom. 15:4). In the life-
changing wisdom of the Bible, we have a personal message that tells us
what God desires for us to be and what He desires to be for us. He has
given us His written Word so we “might have hope” as we face the
issues of life. Out of gratitude, let’s read God’s written message—and
watch it change our lives.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Cling to the Bible; this jewel and treasure Brings life eternal and
saves fallen man; Surely its value no mortal can measure; Seek for its
blessing, O soul, while you can. —Anon.

God speaks through His Word to those who listen with their heart.
