https://odb.org/2020/02/21/a-place-of-belonging/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Place of Belonging

So that Christ may dwell in your hearts through faith.
Ephesians 3:17

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ephesians 3:14–21

Some years after the tragic loss of their first spouses, Robbie and
Sabrina fell in love, married, and combined their two families. They
built a new home and named it Havilah (a Hebrew word meaning “writhing
in pain” and “to bring forth”). It signifies the making of something
beautiful through pain. The couple says they didn’t build the home to
forget their past but “to bring life from the ashes, to celebrate
hope.” For them, “it is a place of belonging, a place to celebrate
life and where we all cling to the promise of a future.”

That’s a beautiful picture of our life in Jesus. He pulls our lives
from the ashes and becomes for us a place of belonging. When we
receive Him, He makes His home in our hearts (Ephesians 3:17). God
adopts us into His family through Jesus so that we belong to Him
(1:5–6). Although we’ll go through painful times, He can use even
those to bring good purposes in our lives.

Daily we have opportunity to grow in our understanding of God as we
enjoy His love and celebrate what He’s given us. In Him, there’s a
fullness to life that we couldn’t have without Him (3:19). And we have
the promise that this relationship will last forever. Jesus is our
place of belonging, our reason to celebrate life, and our hope now and
forever.

By:  Anne Cetas

Reflect & Pray

In what ways has Jesus changed your life? What does it mean for you to
belong to Jesus?

I’m grateful that I belong to You, Jesus. Thank You for a life of hope
for now and forever.
