http://odb.org/2013/05/02/a-plea-for-prayer/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Plea For Prayer

Brethren, pray for us. —
2 Thessalonians 3:1

Today's Scripture: 2 Thessalonians 3:1-5

A missionary recently visited the Bible study I was attending. She
described what it had been like to pack up her household, part with
friends, and relocate to a distant country. When she and her family
arrived, they were greeted with a flourishing drug-trade and hazardous
roadways. The language barrier brought on bouts of loneliness. They
contracted four different stomach viruses. And her oldest daughter
narrowly escaped death after falling through a railing on an unsafe
stairwell. They needed prayer.

The apostle Paul experienced danger and hardship as a missionary. He
was imprisoned, shipwrecked, and beaten. It’s no surprise that his
letters contained pleas for prayer. He asked the believers in
Thessalonica to pray for success in spreading the gospel—that God’s
Word would “run swiftly and be glorified” (2 Thess. 3:1) and that God
would deliver him from “unreasonable and wicked men” (v.2). Paul knew
he would need to “open [his] mouth boldly” and declare the gospel
(Eph. 6:19), which was yet another prayer request.

Do you know people who need supernatural help as they spread the good
news of Christ? Remember Paul’s appeal, “Brethren, pray for us” (2
Thess. 3:1), and intercede for them before the throne of our powerful
God.

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

Commit to pray and intercede— The battle’s strong and great’s the
need; And this one truth can’t be ignored: Our only help comes from
the Lord. —Sper

Intercede for others in prayer; God’s throne is always accessible.
