https://odb.org/2019/06/10/sharing-slices/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Sharing Slices

A generous person will prosper; whoever refreshes others will be
refreshed.
Proverbs 11:25

Today's Scripture & Insight: Proverbs 11:23–31

Steve, a sixty-two-year-old homeless military veteran, made his way to
a warm climate where sleeping outdoors was tolerable year-round. One
evening, as he displayed his hand-drawn art—his attempt to earn some
money—a young woman approached and offered him several slices of
pizza. Steve gratefully accepted. Moments later, Steve shared his
bounty with another hungry, homeless person. Almost immediately, the
same young woman resurfaced with another plate of food, acknowledging
that he had been generous with what he’d been given.

Steve’s story illustrates the principle found in Proverbs 11:25 that
when we’re generous with others, we’re likely to experience generosity
as well. But we shouldn’t give with expecting something in return;
rarely does our generosity return to us as quickly and obviously as it
did for him. Rather, we give to help others in loving response to
God’s instruction to do so (Philippians 2:3–4; 1 John 3:17). And when
we do, God is pleased. While He’s under no obligation to refill our
wallets or bellies, He often finds a way to refresh us—sometimes
materially, other times spiritually.

Steve shared his second plate of pizza too with a smile and open
hands. Despite his lack of resources, he is an example of what it
means to live generously, willing to cheerfully share what we have
with others instead of hoarding it for ourselves. As God leads and
empowers us, may the same be said of us.

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

With whom can you share today? How have you been blessed through
another’s generosity?

We can be generous with what God’s given us.
