https://odb.org/2018/05/11/persevering-with-peace/?utm_source=feedburn
er&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%
29

Persevering with Peace

I lie down and sleep; I wake again, because the Lord sustains me.
Psalm 3:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 3

As I continue trusting God through my struggles with chronic pain,
even the simplest setback can feel like a fierce enemy attacker.
Problem One jabs me from the right. Problem Two shoves me from behind.
Problem Three punches me square in the nose. During these times, when
my strength wanes and immediate relief evades me, running and hiding
can seem like a good idea. But since I can’t escape my pain, change my
circumstances, or ignore my emotions, I’m learning slowly to rely on
God to carry me through.

When I need encouragement, comfort, and courage, I prayerfully read
through the songs of the psalmists, who honestly bring their
situations to God. In one of my favorite psalms, King David flees from
Absalom, his son who wanted to kill him and take his kingdom. Though
David lamented his painful situation (Psalm 3:1–2), he trusted God’s
protection and expected Him to answer his prayers (vv. 3–4). The king
didn’t lose sleep worrying or fearing what could happen, because he
trusted God to sustain and save him (vv. 5–8).

Physical and emotional pain can often feel like aggressive
adversaries. We may be tempted to give up or wish we could escape when
we’re weary and can’t see the end of our current battle. But, like
David, we can learn to trust that God will hold us up and help us rest
in His constant and loving presence.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

Lord, thanks for giving us rest in the peace of Your constant presence
and assuring us of the victory You’ve already won.

God offers us peace as He holds us up and carries us through every
trial.
