http://odb.org/2014/11/20/can-you-help/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Can You Help?

Faith by itself, if it does not have works, is dead. —
James 2:17

Today's Scripture & Insight: James 2:14-20

The administrators of the high school in Barrow, Alaska, were tired of
seeing students get into trouble and drop out at a rate of 50 percent.
To keep students interested, they started a football team, which
offered them a chance to develop personal skills, teamwork, and learn
life lessons. The problem with football in Barrow, which is farther
north than Iceland, is that it’s hard to plant a grass field. So they
competed on a gravel and dirt field.

Four thousand miles away in Florida, a woman named Cathy Parker heard
about the football team and their dangerous field. Feeling that God
was prompting her to help, and impressed by the positive changes she
saw in the students, she went to work. About a year later, they
dedicated their new field, complete with a beautiful artificial-turf
playing surface. She had raised thousands of dollars to help some kids
she didn’t even know.

This is not about football—or money. It is about remembering “to do
good and to share” (Heb. 13:16). The apostle James reminds us that we
demonstrate our faith by our actions (2:18). The needs in our world
are varied and overwhelming but when we love our neighbor as
ourselves, as Jesus said (Mark 12:31), we reach people with God’s
love.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

Open our eyes, dear Father, to those in need. Allow us to find
ways—monetarily and otherwise—to help meet those needs. Help us to
take the focus off ourselves and place it on those who can use our
assistance.

Open your heart to God to learn compassion and open your hand to give
help.
