https://odb.org/2021/01/28/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Mighty Stream

But let justice roll on like a river, righteousness like a never-
failing stream!
Amos 5:24

Today's Scripture & Insight: Amos 5:21–24

Among the many exhibits and artifacts exploring the harsh reality of
slavery and its aftermath in the National Museum of African American
History and Culture in Washington DC, I was grateful to discover the
Contemplative Court. This tranquil room features translucent walls of
bronze glass, and water appears to rain down from the ceiling into a
pool.

As I sat in that peaceful space, a quote on the wall from Dr. Martin
Luther King Jr. caught my eye: “We are determined . . . to work and
fight until justice rains down like water and righteousness like a
mighty stream.” These powerful words are drawn from the Old Testament
book of Amos.

Amos was a prophet living among a people who were involved in
religious activities, such as celebrating festivals and offering
sacrifices, but whose hearts were far from God (Amos 5:21–23). God
rejected their activities because they’d turned away from His
commands, including those regarding justice toward the needy and
oppressed.

Instead of religious ceremonies devoid of love for God and others,
Amos wrote that God longed for His people to demonstrate genuine
concern for the welfare of all people—a generous way of living that
would be a mighty river bringing life wherever it flowed.

Jesus taught the same truth that loving God is connected with loving
our neighbors (Matthew 22:37–39). As we seek to love God, may it come
from hearts that also treasure justice.

By:  Lisa M. Samra

Reflect & Pray

How might you love God through pursuing justice for others? What are
examples of generous living toward the needy or oppressed that
encourage you?

Heavenly Father, thank You that Your love is like a mighty stream that
brings justice to all. Help me to join You in Your healing work.
