https://odb.org/2019/10/04/calmer-of-storms/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

He Calms the Storms

But Jesus immediately said to them: “Take courage! It is I. Don’t be
afraid.”
Matthew 14:27

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 14:23–33

Jim was frantically sharing about problems he was encountering with
his work team: division, judgmental attitudes, and misunderstandings.
After an hour of patiently listening to his concerns, I suggested,
“Let’s ask Jesus what He would have us do in this situation.” We sat
quietly for five minutes. Then something amazing happened. We both
felt God’s peace cover us like a blanket. We were more relaxed as we
experienced His presence and guidance, and we felt confident to wade
back into the difficulties.

Peter, one of Jesus’s disciples, needed God’s comforting presence. One
night he and the other disciples were sailing across the Sea of
Galilee when a strong storm arose. All of a sudden, Jesus showed up
walking on water! Naturally, this took the disciples by surprise. He
reassured them: “Take courage! It is I. Don’t be afraid” (Matthew
14:27). Peter impulsively asked Jesus if he could join Him. He stepped
out of the boat and walked toward Jesus. But he soon lost focus,
became aware of the dangerous and humanly impossible circumstance he
was in, and started sinking. He cried out, “Lord, save me!” and Jesus
lovingly rescued him (vv. 30–31).

Like Peter, we can learn that Jesus, the Son of God, is with us
even in the storms of life!

By:  Estera Pirosca Escobar

Reflect & Pray

What storm of life are you going through today? What can you do to
shift your focus from the storm to the One who can calm it?

Jesus, thank You that You have the power and authority to calm the
storms in our lives. Help us to trust You.
