http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/odb/feed/~3/B3R4TYDXC7M/

He Walked in Our Shoes

Because he himself suffered when he was tempted, he is able to help
those who are being tempted.
Hebrews 2:18

Today's Scripture & Insight: Hebrews 2:10-18

To help his staff of young architects understand the needs of those
for whom they design housing, David Dillard sends them on
“sleepovers.” They put on pajamas and spend 24 hours in a senior
living center in the same conditions as people in their 80s and 90s.
They wear earplugs to simulate hearing loss, tape their fingers
together to limit manual dexterity, and exchange eyeglasses to
replicate vision problems. Dillard says, “The biggest benefit is
[that] when I send 27-year-olds out, they come back with a heart 10
times as big. They meet people and understand their plights” (Rodney
Brooks, USA Today).

Jesus lived on this earth for 33 years and shared in our humanity. He
was made like us, “fully human in every way” (Heb. 2:17), so He knows
what it’s like to live in a human body on this earth. He understands
the struggles we face and comes alongside with understanding and
encouragement.

“Because [Jesus] himself suffered when he was tempted, he is able to
help those who are being tempted” (v. 18). The Lord could have avoided
the cross. Instead, He obeyed His Father. Through His death, He broke
the power of Satan and freed us from our fear of death (vv. 14-15).

In every temptation, Jesus walks beside us to give us courage,
strength, and hope along the way.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Lord Jesus, thank You for “walking in our shoes” on this earth and for
being with us. May we experience Your presence today.

Jesus understands.
