https://odb.org/2019/07/01/hungry-now/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_mediu
m=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Are You Hungry Now?

What good is it, my brothers and sisters, if someone claims to have
faith but has no deeds?
James 2:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: James 2:14–18

Thomas knew what he needed to do. Having been born to a poor family in
India and adopted by Americans, upon a return trip to India he
witnessed the dire needs of the children in his hometown. So he knew
he had to help. He began making plans to return to the US, finish his
education, save a lot of money, and come back in the future.

Then, after reading James 2:14–18 in which James asks, “What good is
it . . . if someone claims to have faith but has no deeds?” Thomas
heard a little girl in his native country cry out to her mother: “But
Mommy, I’m hungry now!” He was reminded of the times he had been
intensely hungry as a child—searching through trash cans for food.
Thomas knew he couldn’t wait years to help. He decided, “I’ll start
now!”

Today the orphanage he began houses fifty well-fed and cared-for
children who are learning about Jesus and getting an education—all
because one man didn’t put off what he knew God was asking him to do.

James’s message applies to us as well. Our faith in Jesus Christ
provides us with great advantages—a relationship with Him, an abundant
life, and a future hope. But what good is it doing anyone else if we
don’t reach out and help those in need? Can you hear the cry: “I’m
hungry now”?

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

What needs around you touch your heart? What’s one thing you can do to
help others—even if it seems insignificant?

Direct my steps, O God, toward the actions You want me to take to help
someone in need. Thank You for allowing me to be a part of Your work
on earth.
