https://odb.org/2020/03/20/slow-for-a-reason/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Slow for a Reason

You are a forgiving God, gracious and compassionate, slow to anger and
abounding in love.
Nehemiah 9:17

Today's Scripture & Insight: Nehemiah 9:9, 13–21

In the BBC video series The Life of Mammals, host David Attenborough
climbs a tree to take a humorous look at a three-toed sloth. Getting
face to face with the world’s slowest moving mammal, he greets it with
a “boo!” Failing to get a reaction, he explains that going slow is
what you do if you are a three-toed sloth living primarily on leaves
that are not easily digested and not very nutritious.

In a rehearsal of Israel’s history, Nehemiah reminds us of another
example and explanation for going slow (9:9–21), but this one isn’t
comical. According to Nehemiah, our God is the ultimate example of
going slow—when it comes to anger. Nehemiah recounted how God cared
for His people, instructing them with life-giving laws, sustaining
them on their journey out of Egypt and providing them with the
Promised Land (vv. 9–15). Although Israel constantly rebelled (v. 16),
God never stopped loving them. Nehemiah’s explanation? Our Creator is
by nature “gracious and compassionate, slow to anger and abounding in
love” (v. 17). Why else would He have borne so patiently His people’s
complaints, disbelief, and distrust for forty years? (v. 21). It was
because of God’s “great compassion” (v. 19).

What about us? A hot temper signals a cold heart. But the greatness of
God’s heart gives us room to patiently live and love with Him.

By:  Mart DeHaan

Reflect & Pray

In what areas of your life do you need to practice being slow to
anger? How does it make you feel that God is slow to anger with you?

Father in heaven, fill us with the Spirit of Your graciousness,
compassion, mercy, and love so that others can see not just our
restraint, but our love because of You.
