https://odb.org/2020/06/02/chosen-to-forgive/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Chosen to Forgive

Father, forgive them, for they do not know what they are doing.
Luke 23:34

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 1:76–79

As a middle-schooler, Patrick Ireland first sensed God had chosen him
for something. But what? Later as a survivor of the horrific Columbine
(Colorado) High School massacre where thirteen were killed and twenty-
four wounded, including Patrick, he began to understand an answer.

Through his long recovery, Patrick learned that clinging to bitterness
causes further wounding. God showed Patrick that the key to
forgiveness is to stop focusing on what others have done to us and to
focus on what Jesus has done for us. Christ’s words on the cross
toward His tormenters, “Father, forgive them, for they do not know
what they are doing” (Luke 23:34), fulfilled Zechariah the priest’s
prophecy of Jesus’ forgiveness (1:77). Additionally,
His example revealed a purpose for Patrick, and twenty years after the
tragedy, Patrick shared, “Maybe I was chosen to forgive.”

While most of us will not endure an unimaginable calamity such as the
one committed at Columbine, each of us has been wronged in some way. A
spouse betrays. A child rebels. An employer abuses. How do we move
forward? Maybe we look to the example of our Savior. In the face of
rejection and cruelty, He forgave. It is through Jesus’ forgiveness of
our sins that we, ourselves, find salvation, which includes the
ability to forgive others. And like Patrick, we can choose to let go
of our bitterness to open our hearts to forgiveness.

By:  Elisa Morgan

Reflect & Pray

Is your heart open to forgive? How might you experience more of the
salvation Jesus died to provide by choosing to move toward forgiving
someone who has wronged you?

Dear Father, show me who I’m chosen to forgive today, and give me the
strength to offer the forgiveness You died to provide.
