http://odb.org/2016/06/18/defeat-or-victory/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Defeat or Victory?

Everyone born of God overcomes the world. This is the victory that has
overcome the world, even our faith.
1 John 5:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 John 5:1–13

Each year on June 18 the great Battle of Waterloo is recalled in what
is now Belgium. On that day in 1815, Napoleon’s French army was
defeated by a multinational force commanded by the Duke of Wellington.
Since then, the phrase “to meet your Waterloo” has come to mean “to be
defeated by someone who is too strong for you or by a problem that is
too difficult for you.”

When it comes to our spiritual lives, some people feel that ultimate
failure is inevitable and it’s only a matter of time until each of us
will “meet our Waterloo.” But John refuted that pessimistic view when
he wrote to followers of Jesus: “Everyone born of God overcomes the
world. This is the victory that has overcome the world, even our
faith” (1 John 5:4).

John weaves this theme of spiritual victory throughout his first
letter as he urges us not to love the things this world offers, which
will soon fade away (2:15–17). Instead, we are to love and please God,
“And this is what he promised us—eternal life” (v. 25).

While we may have ups and downs in life, and even some battles that
feel like defeats, the ultimate victory is ours in Christ as we trust
in His power.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Lord Jesus, Your ultimate victory in this fallen world is assured, and
You ask us to share in it each day of our lives. By Your grace, enable
us to overcome the world through faith and obedience to You.

When it comes to problems, the way out is to trust God on the way
through.
