https://odb.org/2017/05/11/singing-with-violet/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Singing with Violet

I desire to depart and be with Christ, which is better by far; but it
is more necessary for you that I remain in the body.
Philippians 1:23–24

Today's Scripture & Insight: Philippians 1:21–26

An elderly woman named Violet sat on her bed in a Jamaican infirmary
and smiled as some teenagers stopped to visit with her. The hot,
sticky, midday air came into her little group home unabated, but she
didn’t complain. Instead, she began wracking her mind for a song to
sing. Then a huge smile appeared and she sang, “I am running,
skipping, jumping, praising the Lord!” As she sang, she swung her arms
back and forth as if she were running. Tears came to those around her,
for Violet had no legs. She was singing because, she said, “Jesus
loves me—and in heaven I will have legs to run with.”

Violet’s joy and hopeful anticipation of heaven give new vibrancy to
Paul’s words in Philippians 1 when he referred to life-and-death
issues. “If I am to go on living in the body, this will mean fruitful
labor for me,” he said. “I am torn between the two: I desire to depart
and be with Christ, which is better by far” (vv. 22–23).

Each of us faces tough times that may cause us to long for the promise
of heavenly relief. But as Violet showed us joy despite her current
circumstances, we too can keep “running, skipping, praising the
Lord”—both for the abundant life He gives us here and for the ultimate
joy that awaits us.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

Lord, when times are tough, help me to find joy. Help us to live in
the tough times of this world with happiness while looking ahead to
something “better by far.”

When God gives us a new beginning, we find a joy that’s never ending.
