https://odb.org/2020/06/03/gathering/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium
=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Sacred Gathering

Rejoice before the Lord your God for seven days.
Leviticus 23:40

Today's Scripture & Insight: Leviticus 23:33–36, 39–44

It was 2016 and our group of friends reunited for a long weekend
together on the shores of a beautiful lake. The days were spent
playing in the water and sharing meals, but it was the evening
conversations I treasured the most. As darkness fell, our hearts
opened to one another with uncommon depth and vulnerability, sharing
the pains of faltering marriages and the aftermath of trauma some of
our children were enduring. Without glossing over the brokenness of
our realities, we pointed one another to God and His faithfulness
throughout such extreme difficulties. Those evenings are among the
most sacred in my life.

I imagine those nights are similar to what God intended when He
instructed His people to gather each year for the Festival of
Tabernacles. This feast, like many others, required the Israelites to
travel to Jerusalem. Once they arrived, God instructed His people to
gather together in worship and to “do no regular work” for the
duration of the feast—about a week! (Leviticus 23:35). The Festival of
Tabernacles celebrated God’s provision and commemorated their time in
the wilderness after leaving Egypt (vv. 42–43).

This gathering cemented the Israelites’ sense of identity as God’s
people and proclaimed His goodness despite their collective and
individual hardships. When we recall God’s provision and presence in
our lives, we too are strengthened in faith.

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

Who can you gather with for worship and encouragement? How has your
faith been strengthened in community with others?

Father God, thank You for the people You’ve put in my life. Please
help us to encourage one another.
