http://odb.org/2014/11/22/the-warmth-of-the-sun/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Warmth Of The Sun

I am weary with my groaning; all night I make my bed swim; I drench my
couch with my tears. —
Psalm 6:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 6

On a November day in 1963, the Beach Boys’ Brian Wilson and Mike Love
wrote a song quite unlike the band’s typically upbeat tunes. It was a
mournful song about love that’s been lost. Mike said later, “As hard
as that kind of loss is, the one good that comes from it is having had
the experience of being in love in the first place.” They titled it
“The Warmth of the Sun.”

Sorrow serving as a catalyst for songwriting is nothing new. Some of
David’s most moving psalms were penned in times of deep personal loss,
including Psalm 6. Though we aren’t told the events that prompted its
writing, the lyrics are filled with grief, “I am weary with my
groaning; all night I make my bed swim, I drench my couch with my
tears. My eye wastes away because of grief” (vv.6-7).

But that’s not where the song ends. David knew pain and loss, but he
also knew God’s comfort. And so he wrote, “The Lord has heard my
supplication; the Lord will receive my prayer” (v.9).

In his grief, David not only found a song, he also found reason to
trust God, whose faithfulness bridges all of life’s hard seasons. In
the warmth of His presence, our sorrows gain a hopeful perspective.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Heavenly Father, life can be so wonderful, but also so hard. Help us
to seek You in the good times as well as the bad. Help us to always be
mindful that You are our sure hope in a world that doesn’t always seem
to care.

A song of sadness can turn our hearts to the God whose joy for us is
forever.
