https://odb.org/2020/04/19/the-forecasters-mistakethe-forecasters-mist
ake/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2F
feed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Forecaster’s Mistake

Let the one who has my word speak it faithfully.
Jeremiah 23:28

Today's Scripture & Insight: Jeremiah 23:16–22

At noon on September 21, 1938, a young meteorologist warned the U.S.
Weather Bureau of two fronts forcing a hurricane northward toward New
England. But the chief of forecasting scoffed at Charles Pierce’s
prediction. Surely a tropical storm wouldn’t strike so far north.

Two hours later, the 1938 New England Hurricane made landfall on Long
Island. By 4:00 p.m. it had reached New England, tossing ships onto
land as homes crumbled into the sea. More than six hundred people
died. Had the victims received Pierce’s warning—based on solid data
and his detailed maps—they likely would have survived.

The concept of knowing whose word to heed has precedent in Scripture.
In Jeremiah’s day, God warned His people against false prophets. “Do
not listen [to them],” He said. “They fill you with false hopes. They
speak visions from their own minds, not from the mouth of the Lord ”
(Jeremiah 23:16). God said of them, “If they had stood in my council,
they would have proclaimed my words to my people” (v. 22).

“False prophets” are still with us. “Experts” dispense advice while
ignoring God altogether or twisting His words to suit their purposes.
But through His Word and Spirit, God has given us what we need to
begin to discern the false from the true. As we gauge everything by
the truth of His Word, our own words and lives will increasingly
reflect that truth to others.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

What’s the standard I use when I decide whether something is true?
What in my attitude needs to change toward those who disagree with me?

God, so many claim to speak for You these days. Help us learn what You
really have to say. Make us sensitive to Your Spirit, not the spirit
of this world.
