https://odb.org/2019/01/29/rip-the-heavens/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Rip the Heavens

Oh, that you would rend the heavens and come down.
Isaiah 64:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 64:1–8

In a recent conversation, where a friend shared with me that she’d
abandoned her faith, I heard a familiar complaint: How can I believe
in a God who doesn’t ever seem to do anything? This gut-wrenching
question appears for most of us at one point or another, as we read of
violence in the news and as we carry our own heartbreak. My friend’s
distress revealed her intense need for God to act on her behalf, a
longing we’ve all likely felt.

Israel knew this terrain well. The Babylonian Empire overwhelmed
Israel, crushing them with an iron fist and turning Jerusalem into
smoldering rubble. The prophet Isaiah put words to the people’s dark
doubt: Where is the God who’s supposed to rescue us? (Isaiah
63:11–15). And yet from precisely this place, Isaiah offered a bold
prayer: God, “rend the heavens and come down” (64:1). Isaiah’s pain
and sorrow drove him not to pull away from God, but to seek to draw
closer to Him.

Our doubts and troubles offer a strange gift: they reveal how lost we
are and how much we need God to move toward us. We see now the
remarkable, improbable story. In Jesus, God did rip the heavens and
come to us. Christ surrendered His own ripped and broken body so that
He could overwhelm us with His love. In Jesus, God is very near.

By:  Winn Collier

Reflect & Pray

What questions or doubts do you have to talk with God about?

God, I like to pretend I can manage my life, that I can arrive at the
answer. But I can’t. I need You. Would You rip the heavens and come
down?
