http://odb.org/2014/05/23/more-than-we-deserve/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

More Than We Deserve

He has not dealt with us according to our sins, nor punished us
according to our iniquities. —
Psalm 103:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 103:6-18

Sometimes when people ask how I’m doing, I reply, “Better than I
deserve.” I remember a well-meaning person responding, “Oh no, Joe,
you deserve a lot,” to which I replied, “Not really.” I was thinking
about what I truly deserve—God’s judgment.

We easily forget how sinful we are at the core of our being. Thinking
of ourselves more highly than we should diminishes our sense of deep
indebtedness to God for His grace. It discounts the price He paid to
rescue us.

Time for a reality check! As the psalmist reminds us, God “has not
dealt with us according to our sins, nor punished us according to our
iniquities” (Ps. 103:10). Considering who we are in light of a holy
and just God, the only thing we truly deserve is hell. And heaven is
an absolute impossibility—except for the gift of Christ’s sacrifice on
the cross. If God never does anything more than redeem us, He has
already done far more than we deserve. No wonder the psalmist says,
“As the heavens are high above the earth, so great is His mercy toward
those who fear Him” (v.11).

Knowing ourselves for what we are, we can’t help but say, “Amazing
grace, how sweet the sound!” He gives us so much more than we deserve.

By:  Joe Stowell

Reflect & Pray

Lord, thank You for not dealing with me according to my sins. I am
indebted to You for the love and grace that You demonstrated on the
cross to purchase my pardon and forgiveness—far beyond what I deserve!

If God never does anything more than redeem us, He has already done
far more than we deserve.
