https://odb.org/2020/09/08/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Loving Others with Our Prayers

This happened that we might not rely on ourselves but on God, who
raises the dead.
2 Corinthians 1:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Corinthians 1:8–11

“Are people still praying for me?”

That was one of the first questions a missionary asked his wife
whenever she was allowed to visit him in prison. He had been falsely
accused and incarcerated for his faith for two years. His life was
frequently in danger because of the conditions and hostility in the
prison, and believers around the world were earnestly praying for him.
He wanted to be assured they wouldn’t stop, because he believed God
was using their prayers in a powerful way.

Our prayers for others—especially those who are persecuted for their
faith—are a vital gift. Paul made this clear when he wrote the
believers in Corinth about hardships he faced during his missionary
journey. He “was under great pressure,” so much that he “despaired of
life itself” (2 Corinthians 1:8). But then he told them God had
delivered him and described the tool He’d used to do it: “We have set
our hope that he will continue to deliver us, as you help us by your
prayers” (vv. 10–11, emphasis added).

God moves through our prayers to accomplish great good in the lives of
His people. One of the best ways to love others is to pray for them,
because through our prayers we open the door to the help only God can
provide. When we pray for others, we love them in His strength.
There’s none greater or more loving than He.

By:  James Banks

Reflect & Pray

How do you love others with your prayers? In what ways can you
encourage prayer for those who are persecuted for their faith?

Loving and Almighty God, thank You for the amazing gift of prayer and
the ways You move through it. Please help me to pray faithfully for
others today! For help in your prayer life, read Jesus’ Blueprint for
Prayer at DiscoverySeries.org/HJ891.
