https://odb.org/2021/01/02/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

When the Floods Come

The one who hears my words and does not put them into practice is like
a man who built a house on the ground without a foundation.
Luke 6:49

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 6:46–49

I live in Colorado, a state in the western US known for the Rocky
Mountains and our annual snowfall. Yet the worst natural disaster in
my state had nothing to do with snow, but rain. The Big Thompson flood
occurred on July 31, 1976, around the resort town of Estes Park. When
the water finally receded, the death toll was 144 lives, not including
livestock. In the wake of that disaster significant studies were done
in the area, especially in regard to the foundation of roads and
highways. The walls of the roads that withstood the storm were those
filled with concrete. In other words, they had a sure and strong
foundation.

In our lives the question is not if the floods will come, but when.
Sometimes we have advance notice, but usually not. Jesus stresses a
strong foundation for such times—one built by not just hearing His
words but also by living out the gospel (Luke 6:47). That practice is
almost like pouring concrete into our lives. When the floods come, and
they will, we can withstand them because we’ve been “well built” (v.
48). The absence of practice leaves our lives vulnerable to collapse
and destruction (v. 49). It’s the difference between being wise and
foolish.

It’s good to pause occasionally and do a little foundation assessment.
Jesus will help us to fortify the weak places that we might stand
strong in His power when the floods come.

By:  John Blase

Reflect & Pray

What weak spots need attention in your life? How might you work on
them?

Jesus, I want to be not just a hearer but a doer as well. Give me the
vision to see weak places in my foundation that need attention. And
thank You for Your promised presence when the floods do come.
