https://odb.org/2018/04/29/take-another-look-at-jesus/?utm_source=feed
burner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Br
ead%29

Take Another Look at Jesus!

But Christ is faithful as the Son over God’s house. And we are his
house, if indeed we hold firmly to our confidence and the hope in
which we glory.
Hebrews 3:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: Hebrews 3:1–6

If there ever was a faithful person, it was Brother Justice. He was
committed to his marriage, dedicated to his job as a postal worker,
and each Sunday stood at his post as a leader in our local church. I
visited my childhood church recently, and perched on the upright piano
was the same bell that Brother Justice rang to notify us that the time
for Bible study was about to end. The bell has endured the test of
time. And although Brother Justice has been with the Lord for years,
his legacy of faithfulness also endures.

Hebrews 3 brings a faithful servant and a faithful Son to the readers’
attention. Though the faithfulness of Moses as God’s “servant” is
undeniable, Jesus is the one believers are taught to focus on.
“Therefore, holy brothers and sisters . . . fix your thoughts on
Jesus” (v. 1). Such was the encouragement to all who face temptation
(2:18). Their legacy could come only from following Jesus, the
faithful One.

What do you do when the winds of temptation are swirling all around
you? When you are weary and worn and want to quit? The text invites us
to, as one paraphrase renders it, “Take a good hard look at Jesus”
(3:1 The Message ). Look at Him again—and again and again. As we
reexamine Jesus, we find the trustworthy Son of God who gives us
courage to live in His family.

By:  Arthur Jackson

Reflect & Pray

Father, through Your Spirit, empower us to courageously love, honor,
and follow the Lord Jesus Christ.

Looking to Jesus can give us courage to face the challenges in our
lives.
