http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/odb/feed/~3/U-8yynktFJ8/

Seeing Masterpieces

You knit me together in my mother’s womb.
Psalm 139:13

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 139:11–18

My father creates custom quivers designed for archers to carry their
arrows. He carves elaborate wildlife pictures into pieces of genuine
leather, before stitching the material together.

During a visit, I watched him construct one of his works of art. His
careful hands applied just the right pressure as he pressed a sharp
blade into the supple leather, creating various textures. Then he
dipped a rag into crimson dye and covered the leather with even
strokes, magnifying the beauty of his creation.

As I admired my dad’s confident craftsmanship, I realized how often I
fail to acknowledge and appreciate my heavenly Father’s creativity
manifested in others and even in myself. Reflecting on the Lord’s
magnificent workmanship, I recalled King David’s affirmation that God
creates our “inmost being” and that we’re “fearfully and wonderfully
made” (Ps. 139:13–14).

We can praise our Creator in confidence because we know His “works are
wonderful” (v. 14). And we can be encouraged to respect ourselves and
others more, especially when we remember that the Maker of the
Universe knew us inside and out and planned our days “before one of
them came to be” (vv. 15–16).

Like the pliable leather carved by my father’s skilled hands, we are
each beautiful and valuable simply because we are God’s one-of-a-kind
creations. Each one of us, intentionally designed to be unique and
purposed as God’s beloved masterpieces, contributes to reflect God’s
magnificence.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

Lord, thank You for creating us in Your perfect love. Please help us
to see ourselves, and others, as Your unique masterpieces.

God masterfully creates each person with uniqueness and purpose.
