http://odb.org/2016/03/20/when-the-water-blushed/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

When the Water Blushed

In the beginning was the Word . . . . Through him all things were
made.
John 1:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 1:1-14

Why did Jesus come to Earth before the invention of photography and
video? Couldn’t He have reached more people if everyone could see Him?
After all, a picture is worth a thousand words.

“No,” says Ravi Zacharias, who asserts that a word can be worth “a
thousand pictures.” As evidence, he quotes poet Richard Crashaw’s
magnificent line, “The conscious water saw its Master and blushed.” In
one simple line, Crashaw captures the essence of Jesus’ first miracle
(John 2:1-11). Creation itself recognizes Jesus as the Creator. No
mere carpenter could turn water to wine.

Another time, when Christ calmed a storm with the words, “Quiet! Be
still,” His stunned disciples asked, “Who is this? Even the wind and
the waves obey him!” (Mark 4:39, 41). Later, Jesus told the Pharisees
that if the crowd did not praise Him, “the stones will cry out” (Luke
19:40). Even the rocks know who He is.

John tells us, “The Word became flesh and made his dwelling among us.
We have seen His glory” (John 1:14). Out of that eyewitness experience
John also wrote, “We proclaim to you the one who existed from the
beginning, whom we have heard and seen. . . . He is the Word of life”
(1 John 1:1 nlt). Like John, we can use our words to introduce others
to Jesus whom wind and water obey.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Jesus, we acknowledge You as the Creator who knows and loves His
creation. Yet You wait for us to invite You into every aspect of our
lives. Forgive us for those times we keep You at a safe distance.
Today we choose to risk knowing You more completely.

The written Word reveals the Living Word.
