https://odb.org/2018/03/05/grass-or-grace/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Grass or Grace

Lot chose for himself the whole plain of the Jordan.
Genesis 13:11

Today's Scripture: Genesis 13:1–18

My friend Archie came home from vacation to find his neighbor had
erected a wooden fence five feet inside his property line. Several
weeks went by during which Archie tried to work with his neighbor to
remove the fence. He offered to help and to split the cost of the
work, but to no avail. Archie could have appealed to civil
authorities, but he chose to forgo that right in this instance and
allow the fence to stand—to show his neighbor something of the grace
of God.

“Archie is a wimp!” you say. No, he was man of towering strength, but
he chose grace over a patch of grass.

I think of Abraham and Lot, who fell into conflict because their
flocks and herds overwhelmed the land. “Quarreling arose between
Abram’s herders and Lot’s. The Canaanites and the Perizzites [the
unbelieving community] were also living in the land at that time”
(Genesis 13:7). Lot chose the best of the land and lost everything in
the end. Abraham took what was left over and gained the promised land
(vv. 12–17).

We do have rights and we can claim them, especially when other’s
rights are involved. And sometimes we should insist on them. Paul did
when the Sanhedrin acted unlawfully (see Acts 23:1–3). But we can
choose to set them aside to show the world a better way. This is what
the Bible calls “meekness”—not weakness. Strength under God’s control.

By:  David H. Roper

Reflect & Pray

Dear Lord, I am prone to look out for myself. Give me wisdom to know
when giving up my rights would best demonstrate Your love and grace to
others.

My life helps paint my neighbor’s picture of God.
