http://odb.org/2016/06/16/some-assembly-required/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

Some Assembly Required

Whenever the Lord raised up a judge for them, he was with the judge
and saved them out of the hands of their enemies.
Judges 2:18

Today's Scripture & Insight: Judges 2:7–19

Around our home, the words “some assembly required” have been the
cause of great frustration (mine) and great humor (my family). When my
wife and I first married, I attempted to make simple home repairs—with
disastrous results. A repaired shower handle worked perfectly—if the
plan was for the water to run between the walls. My fiascoes continued
after we had children, when I assured my wife, Cheryl, I “don’t need
instructions” to put these “simple” toys together. Wrong!

Gradually, I learned my lesson and began to pay strict attention to
the instructions and things went together as they should.
Unfortunately, the longer things went well, the more confident I
became, and soon I was again ignoring instructions with predictably
disastrous results.

The ancient Israelites struggled with a similar tendency: they would
forget God, ignoring His instructions to avoid following after Baal
and the other gods of the region (Judg. 2:12). This produced
disastrous results, until God, in His mercy, raised up judges to
rescue them and bring them back to Himself (v. 18).

God has reasons for all of the instructions He’s given us to keep our
affections on Him. Only by a daily awareness of His loving presence
can we resist the temptation to “construct” our lives our own way.
What great gifts He has given us in His Word and His presence!

By:  Randy Kilgore

Reflect & Pray

Lord, keep me close to You this day. Remind me of Your presence
through Your Word and prayer and the leading of the Holy Spirit.

Our greatest privilege is to enjoy God’s presence.
