https://odb.org/2019/12/23/a-string-of-yeses/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A String of Yeses

Mary treasured up all these things and pondered them in her heart.
Luke 2:19

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 2:15–19

One Christmas, my grandmother gave me a beautiful pearl necklace. The
beautiful beads glowed about my neck until one day the string broke.
Balls bounced in all directions off our home’s hardwood flooring.
Crawling over the planks, I recovered each tiny orb. On their own,
they were small. But oh, when strung together, those pearls made such
an impression!

Sometimes my yeses to God seem so insignificant—like those individual
pearls. I compare myself to Mary, the mother of Jesus who was so
fantastically obedient. She said yes when she embraced God’s call for
her to carry the Messiah. “‘I am the Lord’s servant,’ Mary answered.
‘May your word to me be fulfilled’” (Luke 1:38). Did she understand
all that would be required of her? That an even bigger yes to
relinquishing her Son on the cross loomed ahead?

After the visits of the angels and shepherds, Luke 2:19 tells us that
Mary “treasured up all these things and pondered them in her heart.”
Treasure means to “store up.” Ponder means to “thread together.” The
phrase is repeated of Mary in Luke 2:51. She would respond with many
yeses over her lifetime.

As with Mary, the key to our obedience might be a threading together
of various yeses to our Father’s invitations, one at a time, until
they string into the treasure of a surrendered life.

By:  Elisa Morgan

Reflect & Pray

What yeses do you need to say to God? How can you learn to be more
obedient?

Dear God, help us to respond, one yes at a time, to Your ongoing work
in our lives.
