http://odb.org/2016/06/25/a-firm-place-to-stand/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Firm Place to Stand

He lifted me out of the slimy pit; out of the mud and mire, he set my
feet on a rock and gave me a firm place to stand.
Psalm 40:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 40:1–5

The historic riverwalk area of Savannah, Georgia, is paved with
mismatched cobblestones. Local residents say that centuries ago the
stones provided ballast for ships as they crossed the Atlantic Ocean.
When cargo was loaded in Georgia, the ballast stones were no longer
needed, so they were used to pave the streets near the docks. Those
stones had accomplished their primary job—stabilizing the ship through
dangerous waters.

The days in which we live can feel as turbulent as the high seas. Like
sailing ships of old, we need stability to help us navigate our way
through the storms of life. David faced danger as well, and he
celebrated the character of God for providing him with stability after
he had endured a desperate time. He declared, “He lifted me out of the
slimy pit; out of the mud and mire, he set my feet on a rock, and gave
me a firm place to stand” (Ps. 40:2). David’s experience was one of
conflict, personal failure, and family strife, yet God gave him a
place to stand. So David sang “a hymn of praise to our God” (v. 3).

In times of difficulty, we too can look to our powerful God for the
stability only He brings. His faithful care inspires us to say with
David, “Many, Lord my God, are the wonders you have done, the things
you planned for us” (v. 5).

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

My hope is built on nothing less than Jesus’s blood and righteousness;
I dare not trust the sweetest frame, but wholly lean on Jesus’s name.
On Christ, the solid rock, I stand—all other ground is sinking sand.
Edward Mote

When the world around us is crumbling, Christ is the solid Rock on
which we stand.
