http://odb.org/2016/09/22/the-gates-of-worship/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Gates of Worship

Enter his gates with thanksgiving and his courts with praise; give
thanks to him and praise his name.
Psalm 100:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 100

When you enter some of the greatest cities in the world, you can
encounter famous gates such as the Brandenburg Gate (Berlin), the
Jaffa Gate (Jerusalem), and the gates at Downing Street (London).
Whether the gates were built for defensive or ceremonial purposes,
they all represent the difference between being outside or inside
certain areas of the city. Some are open; some are closed to all but a
few.

The gates into the presence of God are always open. The familiar song
of Psalm 100 is an invitation for the Israelites to enter into the
presence of God through the temple gates. They were told to “shout for
joy” and “come before him with joyful songs” (vv. 1–2). Shouting for
joy was an appropriate expression when greeting a monarch in the
ancient world. All the earth was to sing joyfully about God! The
reason for this joyful noise was that God had given them their
identity (v. 3). They entered the gates with praise and thanksgiving
because of God’s goodness and His steadfast and enduring love which
continues through all generations (vv. 4–5). Even when they forgot
their identity and wandered away from Him, God remained faithful and
still invited them to enter His presence.

The gates into God’s presence are still open, inviting us to come and
worship.

By:  Marvin Williams

Reflect & Pray

What should motivate us to worship God? What statement of praise could
you give to God today?

The gates into the presence of God are always open.
