http://odb.org/2010/10/13/1-approachable/

Approachable

Those who are well have no need of a physician, but those who are
sick. I did not come to call the righteous, but sinners, to
repentance. —
Mark 2:17

Today's Scripture: Mark 2:13-17

When people ask Michael St. Jacques, a Franciscan brother, what he’s
wearing, he says, “It’s called a habit.” He wears the distinctive
brown robe for a definite reason. St. Jacques told Hemispheres
magazine, “We have the choice to wear it, and a lot of us make a real
effort to because it acts as a magnet. People tell me things they’ve
never told anyone. Complete strangers will confess something they did
30 years ago and ask if God can forgive them.” You might say that
Michael is clothed in “approachability.”

Throughout the Gospels, we find that all types of people approached
Jesus wherever He went. They came to be taught, helped, healed,
accepted, and forgiven. When some criticized Jesus for associating
with tax collectors and sinners, people they considered undesirable,
Jesus said, “Those who are well have no need of a physician, but those
who are sick. I did not come to call the righteous, but sinners, to
repentance” (Mark 2:17).

Do people see us as aloof or accessible? When we become so focused on
our own plans that we have no time for others, we are not clothed with
the spirit of Christ.

When the Savior lives through us, His open arms invite people to open
their hearts and unburden their souls.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Our world around us surges—duties vie For all our time, our energies,
our care; But greater duty urges; don’t pass by A hurting heart whose
burden we may share. —Gustafson

Being available for the needs of others honors Christ.
