https://odb.org/2019/05/23/throwing-stones/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Throwing Stones

Let any one of you who is without sin be the first to throw a stone.
John 8:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 8:1–11

Lisa felt no sympathy for those who cheated on their spouse . . .
until she found herself deeply unsatisfied with her marriage and
struggling to resist a dangerous attraction. That painful experience
helped her gain a new compassion for others and greater understanding
of Christ’s words: “Let any one of you who is without sin be the first
to throw a stone” (John 8:7).

Jesus was teaching in the temple courts when He made that statement. A
group of teachers of the law and Pharisees had just dragged a woman
caught in adultery before Him and challenged, “In the Law Moses
commanded us to stone such women. Now what do you say?” (v. 5).
Because they considered Jesus a threat to their authority, the
question was “a trap, in order to have a basis for accusing him” (v.
6)—and getting rid of Him.

Yet when Jesus replied, “Let any one of you who is without sin . . .”
not one of the woman’s accusers could bring themselves to pick up a
stone. One by one, they walked away.

Before we critically judge another’s behavior while looking lightly at
our own sin, let’s remember that all of us “fall short of the glory of
God” (Romans 3:23). Instead of condemnation, our Savior showed this
woman—and you and me—grace and hope (John 3:16; 8:10–11). How can we
not do the same for others?

By:  Alyson Kieda

Reflect & Pray

How can you put the lesson of John 8 into action in how you treat
others? How can you use your own experience to help others facing
similar challenges?

Dear Lord, thank You for loving us! Help us to look with compassion on
others and to be gracious in all we say and do.
