http://odb.org/2015/03/19/a-place-to-be/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Place To Be

In My Father’s house are many mansions; if it were not so, I would
have told you. I go to prepare a place for you. —
John 14:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: Nehemiah 1:4-11

A thousand strands of time, events, and people weave into a tapestry
we call place. More than just a house, place is where meaning,
belonging, and safety come together under the covering of our best
efforts at unconditional love. Place beckons us with memories buried
deep in our souls. Even when our place isn’t perfect, its hold on us
is dramatic, magnetic.

The Bible speaks frequently of place. We see an example in Nehemiah’s
longing for a restored Jerusalem (Neh. 1:3-4; 2:2). It’s no surprise,
then, that Jesus would speak of place when He wants to comfort us.
“Let not your heart be troubled,” He began. Then He added: “I go to
prepare a place for you” (John 14:1-2).

For those who have fond memories of earthly places, this promise links
us to something we can easily understand and look forward to. And for
those whose places have been anything but comforting and safe, Jesus
promises that one day they will hear the sweet song place sings, for
they will inhabit it with Him.

Whatever the struggle, whatever the faltering on your faith journey,
remember this: There’s a place in heaven already waiting, fitted just
for you. Jesus wouldn’t have said so if it weren’t true.

By:  Randy Kilgore

Reflect & Pray

Jesus, I can’t wait to live in the home You have prepared for me.
Thank You that no matter what my earthly place holds, comfort or pain,
my home with You will be so much better.

May the memory of our earthly place point us with hope to our heavenly
place.
