https://odb.org/2020/05/14/under-construction/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Under Construction

For by one sacrifice he has made perfect forever those who are being
made holy.
Hebrews 10:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: Hebrews 10:11–18

They just repaved this road, I thought to myself as the traffic
slowed. Now they’re tearing it up again! Then I wondered, Why is road
construction never done? I mean, I’ve never seen a sign proclaiming,
“The paving company is finished. Please enjoy this perfect road.”

But something similar is true in my spiritual life. Early in my faith,
I imagined reaching a moment of maturity when I’d have it all figured
out, when I’d be “smoothly paved.” Thirty years later, I confess I’m
still “under construction.” Just like the perpetually potholed roads I
drive, I never seem to be “finished” either. Sometimes that can feel
equally frustrating.

But Hebrews 10 contains an amazing promise. Verse 14 says, “For by one
sacrifice he has made perfect forever those who are being made holy.”
Jesus’ work on the cross has already saved us. Completely. Perfectly.
In God’s eyes, we are whole and finished. But paradoxically, that
process isn’t done yet while we’re still on earth. We’re still being
shaped into His likeness, still “being made holy.”

One day, we’ll see Him face-to-face, and we shall be like him (1 John
3:2). But until then, we’re still “under construction,” people who
anxiously await the glorious day when the work in us is truly
complete.

By:  Adam R. Holz

Reflect & Pray

Do you ever get frustrated that spiritual progress seems slower than
you expected? How does this passage from Hebrews encourage you to
think about your spiritual growth?

Faithful God, sometimes I get frustrated that my spiritual progress
seems slow. Help me to remember that You’re still at work in my life,
shaping me and helping me to become more and more like You.
