https://odb.org/2017/03/13/surprise-interview/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Surprise Interview

The King will say, “I tell you the truth, when you did it to one of
the least of these my brothers and sisters, you were doing it to me!”
Matthew 25:40

Today's Scripture & Insight: Acts 26:9–15

On a crowded London commuter train, an early morning rider shoved and
insulted a fellow passenger who got in his way. It was the kind of
unfortunate and mindless moment that usually remains unresolved. But
later that day, the unexpected happened. A business manager sent a
quick message to his social media friends, “Guess who just showed up
for a job interview.” When his explanation appeared on the Internet,
people all over the world winced and smiled. Imagine walking into a
job interview only to discover that the person who greets you is the
one you had shoved and sworn at earlier that day.

Saul also ran into someone he never expected to see. While raging
against a group called the Way (Acts 9:1–2), he was stopped in his
tracks by a blinding light. Then a voice said, “Saul, Saul, why do you
persecute me?” (v. 4). Saul asked, “Who are you, Lord?” The One
speaking to him replied, “I am Jesus, whom you are persecuting”
(26:15).

Years earlier Jesus had said that how we treat the hungry, the
thirsty, the stranger, and the prisoner reflects our relationship to
Him (Matt. 25:35–36). Who would have dreamed that when someone insults
us, or when we help or hurt another, the One who loves us takes it
personally?

By:  Mart DeHaan

Reflect & Pray

Father, forgive us for acting as if You were not present in our
moments of need, hurt, anger, or compassion.

When we help or hurt one another, Jesus takes it personally.
