http://odb.org/2011/05/13/the-mighty-toe/

The Mighty Toe

If the foot should say, “Because I am not a hand, I am not of the
body,” is it therefore not of the body? —
1 Corinthians 12:15

Today's Scripture: 1 Corinthians 12:14-26

Recently, I heard of a sport that challenges my imagination—I can’t
comprehend why anyone would play it. It’s called “Toe Wrestling.”
Every year, people from across the globe gather in England for the
world championships. Competitors sit on the ground facing each other
and then lock the big toe of the other’s bare foot. The object is to
pin the opponent’s foot in a manner similar to the way an arm wrestler
pins a competitor’s wrist. It sounds strange to me.

In a way, this unusual competition gives honor to a part of the body
that’s largely ignored—until we drop something on it. Our toes and
feet are vital parts of our anatomy, yet we pay little attention to
them unless they hurt.

Perhaps that’s why Paul used the foot to remind us that there are no
unimportant parts in the body of Christ. In 1 Corinthians 12:15, he
said, “If the foot should say, ‘Because I am not a hand, I am not of
the body,’ is it therefore not of the body?” The only correct answer:
“Of course it’s part of the body.”

Paul wants us to realize that each person in the body of Christ is
important. Even if you think of yourself as the most overlooked and
ignored member of the body of Christ, you have value. And you can
honor God like a true champion by using your unique skills for God’s
glory.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

God builds His church with different stones, He makes each one belong;
All shapes and sizes fit in place To make the structure strong. —Sper

The Lord uses small tools to perform large tasks.
