https://odb.org/2021/03/28/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Watch Me!

From the lips of children and infants you, Lord, have called forth
your praise.
Matthew 21:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 21:12–17

“Watch my fairy princess dance, Grandma!” my three-year-old
granddaughter gleefully called as she raced around the yard of our
cabin, a big grin on her face. Her “dancing” brought a smile; and her
big brother’s glum, “She’s not dancing, just running,” didn’t squelch
her joy at being on vacation with family.

The first Palm Sunday was a day of highs and lows. When Jesus rode
into Jerusalem on a donkey, the crowds enthusiastically shouted,
“Hosanna! . . . Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord!”
(Matthew 21:9). Yet many in the crowd were expecting a Messiah to free
them from Rome, not a Savior who would die for their sins that same
week.

Later that day, despite the anger of the chief priests who questioned
Jesus’ authority, children in the temple expressed their joy by
shouting, “Hosanna to the Son of David” (v. 15), perhaps leaping and
waving palm branches as they ran around the courtyard. They couldn’t
help but worship Him, Jesus told the indignant leaders, for “from the
lips of children and infants [God has] called forth [His] praise” (v.
16). They were in the presence of the Savior!

Jesus invites us to also see Him for who He is. When we do, like a
child overflowing with joy, we can’t help but revel in His presence.

By:  Alyson Kieda

Reflect & Pray

How do the daily distractions and discontent of others draw your focus
away from God? What will help you to keep your eyes on Jesus?

Loving God, thank You for all You’ve done for me! I’m amazed at the
great lengths You went to so that I could find joy in You. Help me to
keep my focus firmly on You.
