http://odb.org/2015/04/03/and-then-you-laugh/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

And Then You Laugh

[God] made Him who knew no sin to be sin for us, that we might become
the righteousness of God in Him. —
2 Corinthians 5:21

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Corinthians 5:1-8

Noise. Vibration. Pressure. Fireball. Canadian astronaut Chris
Hadfield used these words to describe being launched into space. As
the rocket raced toward the International Space Station, the weight of
gravity increased and breathing became difficult. Just when he thought
he would pass out, the rocket made a fiery breakthrough into
weightlessness. Instead of lapsing into unconsciousness, he broke into
laughter.

His description made me think of the days leading to my mother’s
death. The heaviness of life kept increasing until she no longer had
the strength to breathe. She was then released from her pain and broke
free into the “weightlessness” of heaven. I like to think of her
laughing when she took her first breath in Jesus’ presence.

On the Friday we call “good,” something similar happened to Jesus. God
placed on Him the weight of the entire world’s sin—past, present, and
future—until He could no longer breathe. Then He said, “Father, ‘into
Your hands I commit My spirit’ ” (Luke 23:46). After being suffocated
by our sin, Jesus received back from God the life entrusted to Him and
now lives where sin and death have no power. All who trust Christ will
one day join Him, and I wonder if we’ll look back at this life and
laugh.

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

Father in heaven, words cannot describe our gratitude for Your Son
Jesus, who bore the weight of our sins. Thank You that to be absent
from this body with its heavy burdens is to be present with You
forever.

The sacrifice of Jesus points us to the joy of heaven.
