http://odb.org/2015/09/18/2-a-m-friends/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

2 A.M. Friends

He is always wrestling in prayer for you, that you may stand firm in
all the will of God, mature and fully assured.
Colossians 4:12

Today's Scripture & Insight: Colossians 4:2-15

A friend told me about a group of people who share a strong bond of
faith in Christ. One of them, a 93-year-old woman, said, “I feel like
I can call any of you at 2 a.m., and I don’t even have to apologize if
I feel the need for any type of assistance.” Whether the need is
prayer, practical help, or someone to be there during a time of need,
these friends are unconditionally committed to each other.

The same sense of commitment shines through Paul’s letter to the
followers of Jesus in Colossae. Writing from prison in Rome, Paul says
he is sending Tychicus and Onesimus to encourage them (Col. 4:7-9).
Aristarchus, Mark, and Justus send their greetings (vv.10-11). And
Epaphras is “always wrestling in prayer for you, that you may stand
firm in all the will of God, mature and fully assured” (v. 12). These
are bold assurances of practical help and deep-seated love.

Are you part of a “2 a.m. group”? If so, give thanks for the
faithfulness of friends. If not, ask the Lord to connect you with
another person with whom you can share a commitment to pray and care.
I suspect it will soon grow to include others. Share the love of
Christ with one another.

Anything. Anytime. Anywhere. All in Jesus’ name!

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Jesus, thank You for friends who demonstrate Your love to me. Help me
to do the same for them and those around me. Most of all, thank You
for being the friend who sticks closer than a brother. Share this
prayer from our Facebook page with your friends:
facebook.com/ourdailybread

Greater love has no one than this: to lay down one’s life for one’s
friends. Jesus
