https://odb.org/2019/12/29/washed-in-love/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Washed in Love

You see that a person is considered righteous by what they do and not
by faith alone.
James 2:24

Today's Scripture & Insight: James 2:14–26

A small church in Southern California recognized an opportunity to
express God’s love in a practical way. Believers in Jesus gathered at
a local laundromat to give back to their community by washing clothes
for those in financial need. They cleaned and folded clothes together,
and sometimes provided a hot meal or bags of groceries for recipients.

One volunteer discovered the greatest reward was in the “actual
contact with people . . . hearing their stories.” Because of their
relationship with Jesus, these volunteers wanted to live out their
faith through loving words and actions that helped them nurture
genuine relationships with others.

The apostle James affirms that every act of a professing believer’s
loving service is a result of genuine faith. He states that “faith by
itself, if it is not accompanied by action, is dead” (James 2:14–17).
Declaring we believe makes us children of God, but it’s when we serve
Him by serving others that we act as believers who trust and
follow Jesus (v. 24). Faith and service are as closely interdependent
as the body and the spirit (v. 26), a beautiful display of the power
of Christ as He works in and through us.

After personally accepting that God’s sacrifice on the cross washes us
in perfect love, we can respond in authentic faith that overflows into
the ways we serve others.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

How has someone helped you be more open to knowing Jesus personally?
How can you demonstrate your faith in Christ through loving words and
actions?

Jesus, please flood our lives with Your perfect, cleansing love, so
that we can pour it into the lives of others.
