http://odb.org/2015/02/09/the-girl-in-the-yellow-coat/?utm_source=feed
burner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Br
ead%29

The Girl In The Yellow Coat

A man shall leave his father and mother and be joined to his wife, and
they shall become one flesh. —
Genesis 2:24

Today's Scripture & Insight: Genesis 2:18-25

It was her yellow raincoat that caught my attention, and quickly I
became increasingly interested in this cute freshman with long, brown
hair. Soon I worked up my courage, interrupted Sue as she walked along
reading a letter from a guy back home, and awkwardly asked her for a
date. To my surprise, she said yes.

More than 4 decades later, Sue and I look back and laugh at our first
uncomfortable meeting on that college campus—and marvel how God put a
shy guy from Ohio together with a shy girl from Michigan. Through the
years, we have faced innumerable crises together as we raised our
family. We’ve negotiated parenting four kids, and we’ve struggled
mightily with losing one of them. Problems big and small have tested
our faith, yet we’ve stuck together. It took commitment from both of
us and the grace of God. Today we rejoice in God’s design, spelled out
in Genesis 2:24—to leave our parents, to be unified as man and wife,
and to become united as one flesh. We cherish this amazing plan that
has given us such a wonderful life together.

God’s design for marriage is beautiful. So we pray for married couples
to sense how awesome it is to enjoy life together under the blessing
of God’s loving guidance.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

Lord, the first thing You organized during society’s earliest days was
marriage. Thank You for how You designed this amazing institution.
Show me how to help strengthen others in their marriage relationship.

Marriage thrives in a climate of love, honor, and respect.
