https://odb.org/2018/02/26/fearless-giving/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Fearless Giving

Bring the whole tithe into the storehouse, that there may be food in
my house.
Malachi 3:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Malachi 3:8–12

When my son Xavier was six years old, a friend brought her toddler to
visit and Xavier wanted to give him a few toys. I delighted in our
little giver’s generosity, until he offered a stuffed animal my
husband had searched several stores in different cities to find.
Recognizing the high-demand toy, my friend tried to politely decline.
Still, Xavier placed his gift into her son’s hands and said, “My daddy
gives me lots of toys to share.”

Though I’d like to say Xavier learned his confident giving from me,
I’ve often withheld my resources from God and others. But when I
remember that my heavenly Father gives me everything I have and need,
it’s easier to share.

In the Old Testament, God commanded the Israelites to trust Him by
giving a portion of all He had supplied to the Levite priests, who
would in turn help others in need. When the people refused, the
prophet Malachi said they were robbing the Lord (Malachi 3:8–9). But
if they gave willingly, showing they trusted the Lord’s promised
provision and protection (vv. 10–11), others would recognize them as
God’s blessed people (v. 12).

Whether we’re managing our finances, our schedules, or the gifts God
entrusted to us, giving can be an act of worship. Giving freely and
fearlessly can show our confidence in the care of our loving
Father—the ultimate generous Giver.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

Lord, please help us live with full confidence in Your faithful
provision, so we can give freely and fearlessly to You and others.

Fearless giving to God and others reveals our trust in the Lord’s
promises and provision.
