https://odb.org/2020/12/08/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

On the Same Team

Encourage one another and build each other up.
1 Thessalonians 5:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Thessalonians 5:1–11, 16–18

When Philadelphia Eagle’s quarterback Carson Wentz returned to the
field after healing from a severe injury, the NFL team’s backup
quarterback, Nick Foles, graciously returned to the bench. Although
competing for the same position, the two men chose to support each
other and remained confident in their roles. One reporter observed
that the two athletes have a “unique relationship rooted in their
faith in Christ” shown through their ongoing prayers for each other.
As others watched, they brought honor to God by remembering they were
on the same team—not just as Eagles quarterbacks, but as believers in
Jesus representing Him.

The apostle Paul reminds believers to live as “children of the light”
awaiting Jesus’ return (1 Thessalonians 5:5–6). With our hope secure
in the salvation Christ has provided, we can shrug off any temptations
to compete out of jealousy, insecurity, fear, or envy. Instead, we can
“encourage one another and build each other up” (v. 11). We can
respect spiritual leaders who honor God and “live in peace” as we
serve together to accomplish our shared goal—telling people about the
gospel and encouraging others to live for Jesus (vv. 12–15).

As we serve on the same team, we can heed Paul’s command: “Rejoice
always, pray continually, give thanks in all circumstances; for this
is God’s will for you in Christ Jesus” (vv. 16–18).

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

Who has encouraged you while serving on the same team? How can you
encourage someone who serves alongside you?

Jesus, please give me opportunities today to encourage someone who
serves with me.
