https://odb.org/2019/05/08/bowl-of-tears/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Bowl of Tears

As for me, I call to God, and the Lord saves me.
Psalm 55:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 55:4–19

In Boston, Massachusetts, a plaque titled “Crossing the Bowl of Tears”
remembers those who braved the Atlantic to escape death during the
catastrophic Irish potato famine of the late 1840s. More than a
million people died in that disaster, while another million or more
abandoned home to cross the ocean, which John Boyle O’Reilly
poetically called “a bowl of tears.” Driven by hunger and heartache,
these travelers sought some measure of hope during desperate times.

In Psalm 55, David shares how he pursued hope. While we’re uncertain
about the specifics of the threat he faced, the weight of his
experience was enough to break him emotionally (vv. 4–5). His
instinctive reaction was to pray, “Oh, that I had the wings of a dove!
I would fly away and be at rest” (v. 6).

Like David, we may want to flee to safety in the midst of painful
circumstances. After considering his plight, however, David chose to
run to his God instead of running from his heartache, singing, “As for
me, I call to God, and the Lord saves me” (v. 16).

When trouble comes, remember that the God of all comfort is able to
carry you through your darkest moments and deepest fears. He promises
that one day He Himself will wipe away every tear from our eyes
(Revelation 21:4). Strengthened by this assurance, we can confidently
trust Him with our tears now.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

What causes you to want to run away? What’s your instinctive reaction
when trouble comes?

Father, when life feels overwhelming, give me strength. Give me Your
presence and comfort, for without You, I’m lost. Listen to Discover
the Word conversations, “Tearful Expressions,” at
discovertheword.org/series/tearful-expressions/.
