https://odb.org/2017/03/08/painting-a-portrait/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Painting a Portrait

In your relationships with one another, have the same mindset as
Christ Jesus.
Philippians 2:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: Philippians 2:1–11

The National Portrait Gallery in London, England, houses a treasure of
paintings from across the centuries, including 166 images of Winston
Churchill, 94 of William Shakespeare, and 20 of George Washington.
With the older portraits, we may wonder: Is that what these
individuals really looked like?

For instance, there are eight paintings of Scottish patriot William
Wallace (c. 1270–1305), but we obviously don’t have photographs to
compare them to. How do we know if the artists accurately represented
Wallace?

Something similar might be happening with the likeness of Jesus.
Without realizing it, those who believe in Him are leaving an
impression of Him on others. Not with brushes and oils, but with
attitudes, actions, and relationships.

Are we painting a portrait that represents the likeness of His heart?
This was the concern of the apostle Paul. “In your relationships with
one another, have the same mindset as Christ Jesus,” he wrote (Phil.
2:5). With a desire to accurately represent our Lord, he urged His
followers to reflect the humility, self-sacrifice, and compassion of
Jesus for others.

It has been said, “We are the only Jesus some people will ever see.”
As we “in humility value others above [ourselves]” (v. 3), we will
show the world the heart and attitude of Jesus Himself.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Father, please build the heart of Christ into my heart that those
around me will see Him clearly and desire to know Him too. How can you
show Christ in your life to others in your community? Share at
Facebook.com/ourdailybread.

Christ’s sacrifice of Himself motivates us to sacrifice ourselves for
others.
