https://odb.org/2017/11/13/multiplied-generosity/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

Multiplied Generosity

See that you also excel in this grace of giving.
2 Corinthians 8:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Corinthians 8:1–9

Cheryl was in for a surprise as she pulled up to deliver her next
pizza. Expecting to arrive at a home, she instead found herself
outside a church. Cheryl confusedly carried the pepperoni pizza
inside, where she was met by the pastor.

“Is it fair to say life hasn’t been easy for you?” the pastor asked
her. Cheryl agreed it hadn’t. With that, he brought out two offering
plates that church members had filled with money. The pastor then
poured over $750 into Cheryl’s delivery bag as a tip! Unbeknownst to
Cheryl, the pastor had asked the pizza shop to send their most
financially strapped driver over. Cheryl was stunned. She could now
pay some bills.

When the first Christians in Jerusalem faced poverty, it was a church
that rushed to their aid. Though in need themselves, the Macedonian
Christians gave sacrificially, considering it a privilege to do so (2
Cor. 8:1–4). Paul cited their generosity as an example for the
Corinthians, and us, to follow. When we use our plenty to supply
another’s need, we reflect Jesus, who gave away His riches to meet our
own spiritual poverty (v. 9).

Cheryl told all her customers about the church’s kindness that day,
and, following its example, donated the rest of the day’s tips to
others in need. An act of generosity multiplied. And Christ was
glorified.

By:  Sheridan Voysey

Reflect & Pray

Lord, You meet our needs in surprising ways sometimes. Use us to do
that for others as well.

Our generosity meets needs and glorifies Jesus.
