https://odb.org/2018/01/04/experts-say/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

What Do the Experts Say?

These are the very Scriptures that testify about me, yet you refuse to
come to me to have life.
John 5:39–40

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 5:31–40

Boston Globe columnist Jeff Jacoby writes of the “uncanny ability of
experts to get things hopelessly, cataclysmically wrong.” A quick
glance at recent history shows he’s right. The great inventor Thomas
Edison, for instance, once declared that talking movies would never
replace silent films. And in 1928, Henry Ford declared, “People are
becoming too intelligent ever to have another war.” Countless other
predictions by “experts” have missed the mark badly. Genius obviously
has its limits.

Only one Person is completely reliable, and He had strong words for
some so-called experts. The religious leaders of Jesus’s day claimed
to have the truth. These scholars and theologians thought they knew
what the promised Messiah would be like when He arrived.

Jesus cautioned them, “You study the Scriptures diligently because you
think that in them you have eternal life.” Then He pointed out how
they were missing the heart of the matter. “These are the very
Scriptures that testify about me, yet you refuse to come to me to have
life” (John 5:39–40).

As another new year gets underway, we’ll hear predictions ranging from
the terrifying to the wildly optimistic. Many of them will be stated
with a great deal of confidence and authority. Don’t be alarmed. Our
confidence remains in the One at the very heart of the Scriptures. He
has a firm grip on us and on our future.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Father, whenever we are troubled or alarmed, help us to seek You. We
commit this coming year and all it holds to You.

Knowing the future is uncertain; knowing the One who holds the future
is a sure thing.
