https://odb.org/2019/10/06/listen-live/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Do What It Says

Blessed rather are those who hear the word of God and obey it.
Luke 11:28

Today's Scripture & Insight: James 1:22–25

Brian was scheduled to be an usher at his brother’s wedding, but he
was a no-show. Understandably, family members were disappointed,
including his sister Jasmine who was the Scripture reader for the
occasion. At the ceremony she flawlessly read from the well-known
Scripture passage about love in 1 Corinthians 13. But after the
wedding when her father asked her to deliver a birthday gift to Brian,
she hesitated. She found it harder to live the words about love than
to read them. Before the evening was over, however, she had a change
of mind and admitted, “I can’t stand and read Scripture about love and
not practice it.”

Have you ever been convicted by Scripture that you read or heard but
found it difficult to carry out? You’re not alone. It’s easier to read
and listen to God’s Word than to obey it. That’s why James’s challenge
is so fitting: “Do not merely listen to the word, and so deceive
yourselves. Do what it says” (James 1:22). His mirror illustration
makes us smile because we know what it means to observe something
about ourselves that needs attention. But we’re deceived if we think
that observing alone is enough. When James nudges us to “[look]
intently into” and “[continue] in” God’s truth (v. 25), he encourages
us to do what Jasmine was compelled to do—live it. God’s Word calls
for it, and He deserves nothing less.

By:  Arthur Jackson

Reflect & Pray

When did you make a change in your life after looking intently into
the Scriptures? How was your life enriched?

Heavenly Father, help me to better understand what it means to look
intently into Your Word and live out what I read.
