http://odb.org/2014/08/27/lifes-darkest-moments/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Life’s Darkest Moments

An angel touched [Elijah], and said to him, “Arise and eat.” —
1 Kings 19:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Kings 19:1-8

Charles Whittlesey was a hero’s hero. Leader of the so-called “Lost
Battalion” in World War I, he was awarded the Medal of Honor for his
bravery when his unit was trapped behind enemy lines. When the Tomb of
the Unknown Soldier was dedicated, Charles was chosen to serve as
pallbearer for the first soldier laid to rest there. Two weeks later,
it is presumed that he ended his own life by stepping off a cruise
ship in the middle of the ocean.

Like Elijah (1 Kings 19:1-7), Charles was publicly strong, but in the
quiet, post-public moments, his feelings of despair set in. People
today frequently face situations bigger than they can handle.
Sometimes it’s temporary despair brought on by fatigue, as in Elijah’s
case. He had been part of a great victory over the prophets of Baal
(18:20-40), but then he feared for his life and ran into the
wilderness (19:1-3). But often, it’s more than despair and it’s more
than temporary. That’s why it is imperative that we talk about
depression openly and compassionately.

God offers His presence to us in life’s darkest moments, which enables
us, in turn, to be His presence to the hurting. Crying out for
help—from others and from God—may be the strongest moment of our
lives.

By:  Randy Kilgore

Reflect & Pray

Father, grant us the candor to admit to each other that sometimes life
overwhelms us. And grant us the courage to help others find help—and
to seek it when we need it.

Hope comes with help from God and others.
