http://odb.org/2013/01/21/open-arms/

Open Arms

When he was still a great way off, his father saw him and had
compassion, and ran and fell on his neck and kissed him. —
Luke 15:20

Today's Scripture: Luke 15:11-24

At the funeral of former US First Lady Betty Ford, her son Steven
said, “She was the one with the love and the comfort, and she was the
first one there to put her arms around you. Nineteen years ago when I
went through my alcoholism, my mother . . . gave me one of the
greatest gifts, and that was how to surrender to God, and to accept
the grace of God in my life. And truly in her arms I felt like the
prodigal son coming home, and I felt God’s love through her. And that
was a good gift.”

Jesus’ parable about a young man who asked for and squandered his
inheritance and then in humiliation returned home leaves us amazed at
his father’s response: “When he was still a great way off, his father
saw him and had compassion, and ran and fell on his neck and kissed
him” (Luke 15:20). Instead of a lecture or punishment, the father
expressed love and forgiveness by giving him a party. Why? Because
“this my son was dead and is alive again; he was lost and is found”
(v.24).

Steven Ford concluded his tribute with the words, “Thank you, Mom, for
loving us, loving your husband, loving us kids, loving the nation,
with the heart of God.”

May God enable us to open our arms to others, just as His are open
wide to all who turn to Him.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Lord, help me be kind and forgiving— Your loving forgiveness You’ve
shown To me for the sins I’ve committed; Lord, grant me a love like
Your own. —Anon.

Forgiven sinners know love and show love.
