http://odb.org/2015/02/03/chinese-proverbs/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Chinese Proverbs

Always abounding in the work of the Lord, knowing that your labor is
not in vain in the Lord. —
1 Corinthians 15:58

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Timothy 2:1-6

Chinese proverbs are common and often have stories behind them. The
proverb “pulling up a crop to help it grow” is about an impatient man
in the Song Dynasty. He was eager to see his rice seedlings grow
quickly. So he thought of a solution. He would pull up each plant a
few inches. After a day of tedious work, the man surveyed his paddy
field. He was happy that his crop seemed to have “grown” taller. But
his joy was short-lived. The next day, the plants had begun to wither
because their roots were no longer deep.

In 2 Timothy 2:6, the apostle Paul compares the work of being a
minister of the gospel to that of a farmer. He wrote to encourage
Timothy that, like farming, making disciples can be continuous, hard
labor. You plow, you sow, you wait, you pray. You desire to see the
fruits of your labor quickly, but growth takes time. And as the
Chinese proverb so aptly illustrates, any effort to hurry the process
won’t be helpful. Commentator William Hendriksen states: “If Timothy .
. . exerts himself to the full in the performance of his God-given
spiritual task, he . . . will see in the lives of others . . . the
beginnings of those glorious fruits that are mentioned in Galatians
5:22, 23.”

As we labor faithfully, we wait patiently on the Lord, who makes
things grow (1 Cor. 3:7).

By:  Poh Fang Chia

Reflect & Pray

Dear Lord of the harvest, help us to work faithfully as we wait
patiently on You for the fruit. Encourage us when we are discouraged
and strengthen us when we are weary. Help us to persevere, for You are
faithful.

We sow the seed—God produces the harvest.
