http://odb.org/2011/11/02/mouth-guard/

Mouth Guard

The tongue of the wise uses knowledge rightly, but the mouth of fools
pours forth foolishness. —
Proverbs 15:2

Today's Scripture: Proverbs 15:1-7

I was walking in a subway in Minsk, Belarus, with my friend Yuliya and
her daughter Anastasia when I suddenly fell face first onto the dirty
concrete floor. I don’t remember the fall, but I do remember suddenly
having a mouth filled with sand, gravel, and grit. Ugh! I couldn’t get
that stuff out of my mouth quickly enough!

I didn’t enjoy what went into my mouth on that embarrassing occasion.
But Scripture teaches that it’s more important to guard what comes out
of our mouths. When the writer of Proverbs 15 said that “the mouth of
fools pours forth foolishness” (v.2), the word translated pours forth
literally means “explodes out.” Rash accusations, angry words, and
verbal abuse can do immeasurable and lifelong harm. The apostle Paul
spoke bluntly about this: “Let no corrupt word proceed out of your
mouth” (Eph. 4:29)—no dirty talk. He also said to “[put] away lying”
and to “speak truth” (v.25)—no lies. And later, “Let all bitterness,
wrath, anger, clamor, and evil speaking be put away from you”
(v.31)—no character assassination. What comes out of our mouths should
be wholesome and uplifting.

We guard carefully what goes into our mouths—and rightly so. To honor
God, let’s also keep tight control on the words that come out of our
mouths.

By:  David C. Egner

Reflect & Pray

Lord, help us to control our tongues, To clean up what we say, To use
words that will edify, To honor You today. —Sper

Be careful of your thoughts—they may become words at any time.
