http://odb.org/2010/04/03/a-new-normal/

A New Normal

Just as Christ was raised from the dead by the glory of the Father,
even so we also should walk in newness of life. —
Romans 6:4

Today's Scripture: Romans 6:1-11

After my doctor announced that I had cancer, I tried to listen to what
he said, but I couldn’t. I went home, pulled a blanket over my head,
and fell asleep on the couch, as if sleeping could change the
diagnosis.

When I finally gained enough strength to tell my loved ones, my friend
Judy Schreur said something especially memorable. After expressing her
sympathy, she said, “This is what will happen. You will feel really
bad for 3 days. Then you will get up, figure out what you have to do,
and get on with your life.” Then she added, “I think it has to do with
death, burial, and resurrection.”

At the time, I didn’t believe it. I was sure that life as I knew it
was over. Nothing would ever be the same. I couldn’t imagine feeling
normal again. But she was right. Three days later I woke up and
realized I didn’t feel quite so bad. And little by little, despite the
physical misery of chemotherapy treatments, my emotional and spiritual
condition improved significantly. I “died” to my old reality and was
“raised” to a new normal.

Thankfully, God is in the business of resurrection. For those who have
died in Christ, the death of one reality means resurrection to a new,
glorious normal so that we can “walk in newness of life” (Rom. 6:4).

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

Jesus redeemed us and died in our stead; In Him we died and rose from
the dead. No longer is death a thing that we dread; The old is behind
us, the new is ahead. —D. De Haan

To be “in Christ” is to share in His life, in His death, and in His
resurrection.
