https://odb.org/2020/04/04/never-enough-2/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Our Deepest Longings

Whoever loves wealth is never satisfied.
Ecclesiastes 5:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ecclesiastes 5:10–12

As a young man, Duncan had been afraid of not having enough money, so
in his early twenties, he began ambitiously building his future.
Climbing the ladder at a prestigious Silicon Valley company, Duncan
achieved vast wealth. He had a bulging bank account, a luxury sports
car, and a million-dollar California home. He had everything he
desired; yet he was profoundly unhappy. “I felt anxious and
dissatisfied,” Duncan said. “In fact, wealth can actually make life
worse.” Piles of cash didn’t provide friendship, community, or joy—and
often brought him only more heartache.

Some people will expend immense energy attempting to amass wealth in
an effort to secure their lives. It’s a fool’s game. “Whoever loves
money never has enough,” Scripture insists (Ecclesiastes 5:10). Some
will work themselves to the bone. They’ll strive and push, comparing
their possessions with others and straining to achieve some economic
status. And yet even if they gain supposed financial freedom, they’ll
still be unsatisfied. It’s not enough. As the writer of Ecclesiastes
states, “This too is meaningless” (v. 10).

The truth is, striving to find fulfillment apart from God will prove
futile. While Scripture calls us to work hard and use our gifts for
the good of the world, we can never accumulate enough to satisfy our
deepest longings. Jesus alone offers a real and satisfying life (John
10:10)—one based on a loving relationship that’s truly enough!

By:  Winn Collier

Reflect & Pray

What brings you true satisfaction and fulfillment? How can you more
fully live out the fact that only God is enough?

Gracious God, allow me to find my true fulfillment and joy in You.
Keep me from a wrong view of work and material things.
