https://odb.org/2020/10/23/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Nice Shot?

To him who struck down the firstborn of Egypt His love endures
forever.
Psalm 136:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 136:10–26

When Walt Disney’s Bambi was re-released, moms and dads relived
childhood memories with their sons and daughters. A young mother,
whose husband was an avid outdoorsman with an impressive trophy room,
was one of those parents. With her little ones at her side, she
experienced with them the gasp and groan of the moment when Bambi lost
his mother to a hunter. To this day she’s reminded at family
gatherings of her embarrassment when, in all innocence, her little boy
shouted out in the theater, “Nice shot!”

In time, we laugh at the embarrassing things our children say. But
what are we to say when the people of Psalm 136 do something similar?
Israel, God’s chosen and rescued people, celebrate a love that endures
for all creation and for themselves—but not for their enemies. The
psalm sings the praises of “him who struck down the firstborn of
Egypt” (v. 10; see also Exodus 12:29–30).

Doesn’t that sound a bit like a shout of “nice shot” at the expense of
someone else’s mother, sister, father, brother?

That’s why we need the rest of the story. Only when the lights come up
in the resurrection of Jesus can the whole world be invited into the
joy of one family’s stories, tears, and laughter. Only when we receive
Jesus as our Savior and are made alive in Him can we share the wonder
of a God who loves everyone—at His own expense.

By:  Mart DeHaan

Reflect & Pray

What reason is given twenty-six times for this song? What lyrics show
that the heart of God reaches beyond those who sing the words?

Unseen Father, thank You for giving me reasons to believe that Your
vision and love for all are better and wider than my love for myself
and my own.
