https://odb.org/2020/10/15/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Preach or Plow?

From [Christ] the whole body, joined and held together by every
supporting ligament, grows and builds itself up in love, as each part
does its work.
Ephesians 4:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ephesians 4:4–16

According to the family legend, two brothers, one named Billy and the
other Melvin, were standing on the family’s dairy farm one day when
they saw an airplane doing some skywriting. The boys watched as the
plane sketched out the letters “GP” overhead.

Both brothers decided that what they saw had meaning for them. One
thought it meant “Go preach.” The other read it as “Go plow.” Later,
one of the boys, Billy Graham, dedicated himself to preaching the
gospel, becoming an icon of evangelism. His brother Melvin went on to
faithfully run the family dairy farm for many years.

Skywriting signs aside, if God did call Billy to preach and Melvin to
plow, as seems to be the case, they both honored God through their
vocations. While Billy had a long preaching career, his success
doesn’t mean that his brother’s obedience to his calling to plow was
any less important.

While God does assign some to be in what we call full-time ministry
(Ephesians 4:11–12), that doesn’t mean those in other jobs and roles
aren’t doing something just as important. In either case, as Paul
said, “each part [should do] its work” (v. 16). That means honoring
Jesus by faithfully using the gifts He’s given us. When we do, whether
we “go preach” or “go plow,” we can make a difference for Jesus
wherever we serve or work.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

How can you use your gifts to honor God in your vocation? How can you
encourage others you know so they too can use their calling as a way
to serve Jesus?

Help me, God, to be used right where You put me. Help me to see that
my words, actions, and work ethic can profoundly affect others.
