https://odb.org/2018/03/18/letters-home/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Letters Home

They read from the Book of the Law of God, making it clear and giving
the meaning so that the people understood what was being read.
Nehemiah 8:8

Today's Scripture & Insight: Nehemiah 8:5–12

Far from home and training for World War II, American recruits in
basic training turned to humor and correspondence to cope with the
challenges they faced. In one letter home a young man described the
vaccination process with wonderful exaggeration: “Two medical officers
chased us with harpoons. They grabbed us and pinned us to the floor
and stuck one in each arm.”

Yet one soldier began to realize that humor could only take him so
far. Then he received a Bible. “I enjoy it very much and I read it
every night,” he wrote. “I never realized you could learn so much from
a Bible.”

Long ago, the Jewish exiles returned home after years of slavery in
Babylon to find their problems came with them. As they struggled to
rebuild Jerusalem’s walls, they faced opposition from enemies, famine,
and their own sin. Amid their trouble, they turned to God’s Word. They
were surprised at what they learned. When the priests read from the
Book of the Law of God, the people were moved to tears (Nehemiah 8:9).
But they also found comfort. Nehemiah the governor told them, “Do not
grieve, for the joy of the Lord is your strength” (v. 10).

We don’t need to wait for trouble to hear from God. The Bible is where
we learn about His character, His forgiveness, and His comfort. As we
read it, we’ll be surprised at what God’s Spirit will show us in its
pages.

By:  Tim Gustafson

This article may not have a prayer section.




