https://odb.org/2019/12/02/the-flip-side-of-love

The Flip Side of Love

Grace, mercy and peace from God the Father and from Jesus Christ, the
Father’s Son, will be with us in truth and love.
2 John 1:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 John 1:1–11

The Roman inns during the time of Christ had a reputation so bad that
rabbis wouldn’t even permit cattle to be left at them. Faced with such
bad conditions, traveling Christians usually sought out other
believers for hospitality.

Among those early travelers were false teachers who denied that Jesus
was the Messiah. This is why the letter of 2 John tells its readers
there is a time to refuse to extend hospitality. John had said in a
previous letter that these false teachers were “antichrist—denying the
Father and the Son” (1 John 2:22). In 2 John he elaborated on this,
telling his readers that whoever believes Jesus is the Messiah “has
both the Father and the Son” (v. 9).

Then he warned, “If anyone comes to you and does not bring this
teaching, do not take them into your house or welcome them” (v. 10).
To extend hospitality to someone preaching a false gospel would
actually help keep people separated from God.

John’s second letter shows us a “flip side” of God’s love. We serve a
God who welcomes everyone with open arms. But genuine love won’t
enable those who deceitfully harm themselves and others. God wraps His
arms around those who come to Him in repentance, but He never embraces
a lie.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

How can you reflect God’s love in your relationships today? What
issues might you need to confront in your own life or in the lives of
others?

Father, You love us in Your truth. Help us extend that love to others
with the unwavering grace that comes only from Your Spirit.
