http://odb.org/2014/01/13/much-more-than-survival/

Much More Than Survival

Timothy has come to us from you, and brought us good news of your
faith and love. —
1 Thessalonians 3:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Thessalonians 2:17–3:7

In April 1937, Mussolini’s invading armies forced all the missionaries
serving in the Wallamo region to flee Ethiopia. They left behind just
48 Christian converts, who had little more than the gospel of Mark to
feed their growth. Few even knew how to read. But when the
missionaries returned 4 years later, the church had not just survived;
it numbered 10,000!

When the apostle Paul was forced to leave Thessalonica (see Acts
17:1-10), he yearned to learn about the survival of the small band of
Christians he left behind (1 Thess. 2:17). But when Timothy visited
the Thessalonian church later, he brought word to Paul in Athens about
their “faith and love” (1 Thess. 3:6). They had become “examples” to
the believers in the surrounding regions in Macedonia and Achaia (1
Thess. 1:8).

Paul never claimed credit for any numerical increase in his ministry.
Nor did he attribute it to anyone else. Rather, he gave credit to God.
He wrote, “I planted, Apollos watered, but God gave the increase” (1
Cor. 3:6).

Difficult circumstances may thwart even our best intentions,
separating friends from each other for a season. But God is growing
His church through every difficulty. We need only be faithful and
leave the results to Him.

By:  C. P. Hia

Reflect & Pray

Lord, we are so prone to be fearful when we face opposition, yet so
often we want to take credit for every little success. Help us see
that You are the One who blesses and builds Your church.

I will build My church, and the gates of Hades shall not prevail
against it. —Jesus (Matthew 16:18)
