https://odb.org/2021/01/09/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Dig It Up

Get rid of all bitterness.
Ephesians 4:31

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ruth 1:3–5, 20–21

When Rebecca’s brother and sister-in-law started having marriage
problems, Rebecca prayed earnestly for their reconciliation. But they
divorced. Then her sister-in-law took the children out of state and
their dad didn’t protest. Rebecca never again saw the nieces she
dearly loved. Years later she said, “Because of trying to handle this
sadness on my own, I let a root of bitterness start in my heart, and
it began to spread to my family and friends.”

The book of Ruth tells about a woman named Naomi who struggled with a
heart of grief that grew into bitterness. Her husband died in a
foreign land, and ten years later both her sons died. She was left
destitute with her daughters-in-law, Ruth and Orpah (1:3–5). When
Naomi and Ruth returned to Naomi’s home country, the whole town was
excited to see them. But Naomi told her friends: “The Almighty has
made my life very bitter. . . . The Lord has afflicted me” (vv.
20–21). She even asked them to call her “Mara,” meaning bitter.

Who hasn’t faced disappointment and been tempted toward bitterness?
Someone says something hurtful, an expectation isn’t met, or demands
from others make us resentful. When we acknowledge to ourselves and
God what’s happening deep in our hearts, our tender Gardener can help
us dig up any roots of bitterness—whether they’re still small or have
been growing for years—and can replace them with a sweet, joyful
spirit.

By:  Anne Cetas

Reflect & Pray

What areas of life do you tend to become bitter about? What’s growing
inside your heart that needs God’s loving care?

God, help me to see the goodness in life You’re always displaying. And
dig up any root of bitterness in my heart that dishonors You.
