https://odb.org/2017/09/21/lady-who-prays-for-me/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

The Daily Prayer

Pray in the Spirit on all occasions with all kinds of prayers and
requests.
Ephesians 6:18

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ephesians 6:18–19

Singer/songwriter Robert Hamlet wrote “Lady Who Prays for Me” as a
tribute to his mother who made a point of praying for her boys each
morning before they went to the bus stop. After a young mom heard
Hamlet sing his song, she committed to praying with her own little
boy. The result was heartwarming! Just before her son went out the
door, his mother prayed for him. Five minutes later he
returned—bringing kids from the bus stop with him! His mom was taken
aback and asked what was going on. The boy responded, “Their moms
didn’t pray with them.”

In the book of Ephesians, Paul urges us to pray “on all occasions with
all kinds of prayers” (6:18). Demonstrating our daily dependence on
God is essential in a family since many children first learn to trust
God as they observe genuine faith in the people closest to them (2
Tim. 1:5). There is no better way to teach the utmost importance of
prayer than by praying for and with our children. It is one of the
ways they begin to sense a compelling need to reach out personally to
God in faith.

When we “start children off” by modeling a “sincere faith” in God
(Prov. 22:6; 2 Tim. 1:5), we give them a special gift, an assurance
that God is an ever-present part of our lives—continually loving,
guiding, and protecting us.

By:  Cindy Hess Kasper

Reflect & Pray

Help me to depend more fully on You in every moment of the day and to
rest in the assurance that You are always with me.

Daily prayers lessen daily worries.
