http://odb.org/2016/08/17/the-swagger/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_mediu
m=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Swagger

Encourage one another and build each other up.
1 Thessalonians 5:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 16:1–4,13,21–23

In the summer of 2015, Hunter (aged 15) carried his brother Braden (8)
for a fifty-seven-mile walk to raise awareness of the needs of people
with cerebral palsy. Braden weighs sixty pounds, so Hunter needed
frequent rest stops where others helped him stretch his muscles, and
he wore special harnesses to disperse Braden’s weight. Hunter says
that while the harnesses helped with the physical discomfort, what
helped him most were the people along the way. “If it weren’t for
everyone cheering and walking with us, I wouldn’t have been able to do
it. . . . My legs were sore, but my friends picked me up and I made it
through . . . .” His mom named the arduous trek “The Cerebral Palsy
Swagger.”

The apostle Paul, who we think of as strong and courageous, also
needed to be “picked up.” In Romans 16 he lists a number of people who
did just that for him. They served alongside him, encouraged him, met
his needs, and prayed for him. He mentions Phoebe; Priscilla and
Aquila, who were co-workers; Rufus’s mother, who had been like a
mother to him as well; Gaius, who showed him hospitality; and many
more.

We all need friends who pick us up, and we all know of others who need
our encouragement. As Jesus helps and carries us, let us help one
another.

By:  Anne Cetas

Reflect & Pray

Lord, in Your wisdom You established Your church as a place for us to
love and care for each other. Help me to extend the grace I've
received to others.

Encouragers pick others up when troubles weigh them down.
