https://odb.org/2020/08/04/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

God’s Mercy at Work

May the Lord judge between you and me.
1 Samuel 24:12

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Samuel 24:1–10

My anger percolated when a woman mistreated me, blamed me, and
gossiped about me. I wanted everyone to know what she’d done—wanted
her to suffer as I’d suffered because of her behavior. I steamed with
resentment until a headache pierced my temples. But as I began praying
for my pain to go away, the Holy Spirit convicted me. How could I plot
revenge while begging God for relief? If I believed He would care for
me, why wouldn’t I trust Him to handle this situation? Knowing that
people who are hurting often hurt other people, I asked God to help me
forgive the woman and work toward reconciliation.

The psalmist David understood the difficulty of trusting God while
enduring unfair treatment. Though David did his best to be a loving
servant, King Saul succumbed to jealousy and wanted to murder him (1
Samuel 24:1–2). David suffered while God worked things out and
prepared him to take the throne, but still he chose to honor God
instead of seeking revenge (vv. 3–7). He did his part to reconcile
with Saul and left the results in God’s hands (vv. 8–22).

When it seems others are getting away with wrongdoing, we struggle
with the injustice. But with God’s mercy at work in our hearts and the
hearts of others, we can forgive as He’s forgiven us and receive the
blessings He’s prepared for us.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

How can trusting that God is perfect, loving, good, and in control
help you when sin seems to be prevailing? Who do you need to forgive
and place in God’s mighty and merciful hands?

Merciful God, please help me trust You to determine how justice
prevails.
