http://odb.org/2010/08/17/true-prosperity-2/

True Prosperity

How hard it is for those who have riches to enter the kingdom of God!
—
Mark 10:23

Today's Scripture: Mark 10:17-23

A few years ago, the banking empire Citicorp ran a series of
billboards about money: “Money changes hands—just be sure it doesn’t
change the rest of you!” and “If people say you’re made of money, you
should work on your personality!” These ads gave a refreshingly new
perspective on riches.

God also has a surprising spin on wealth. From His perspective, you
can be “well off” when it comes to worldly treasures and yet be in
dire poverty in your soul. Or you can be poor in terms of earthside
stuff and be lavishly rich by God’s standards.

The distorting power of wealth reminds me of the story of the rich
young ruler. After a discussion about eternal life, Jesus asked him to
sell his possessions, give to the poor, and follow Him. Unfortunately,
the man “went away sorrowful, for he had great possessions” (Mark
10:22). This prompted Jesus’ lesson to the disciples: “How hard it is
for those who have riches to enter the kingdom of God!” (v.23).

It’s not that Jesus is against wealth. It’s just that He is grieved by
anything that we value more than Him. We can work hard and make money,
but when those things are the main pursuit of life, then Jesus isn’t.
Placing Him first and foremost in our lives is the key to true
prosperity.

By:  Joe Stowell

Reflect & Pray

He possessed all the world had to give him, He had reached every
coveted goal; But, alas, his life was a failure, For he had forgotten
his soul. —Denison

Don’t let riches—or the pursuit of riches— derail your pursuit of
Jesus.
