https://odb.org/2019/02/11/giving-credit/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Giving Credit

Let the one who boasts boast in the Lord.
1 Corinthians 1:31

Today's Scripture & Insight: Jeremiah 9:23–26

In the early 1960s, some unusual paintings featuring a person or
animal with huge, sad eyes became popular. Some considered the work
“kitschy”—or tacky—but others delighted in it. As the artist’s husband
began to promote his wife’s creations, the couple grew quite
prosperous. But the artist’s signature—Margaret Keane—didn’t appear on
her work. Instead, Margaret’s husband presented his wife’s work as his
own. Margaret fearfully remained silent about the fraud for twenty
years until the couple’s marriage ended. It took a courtroom “paint-
off” between them to prove the true artist’s identity.

The man’s deception was clearly wrong, but even as followers of Jesus,
we may find it easy to take credit for talents we possess, leadership
skills we display, or even for our kind deeds to others. But those
qualities are possible only because of God’s grace. In Jeremiah 9, we
find the prophet lamenting the lack of humility and the unrepentant
hearts of the people. He wrote that the Lord says we shouldn’t boast
of our wisdom, our strength, or our riches, but only that we might
understand and know that He is the Lord “who exercises kindness,
justice and righteousness on earth” (v. 24).

Our hearts fill with gratitude as we realize the identity of the true
Artist. “Every good and perfect gift is . . . from the Father” (James
1:17). All of the credit, all of the praise belongs to the Giver of
good gifts.

By:  Cindy Hess Kasper

Reflect & Pray

Dear Father, thank You for all the good gifts You so graciously give.

We were created to give God glory.
