http://odb.org/2017/02/24/the-land-of-what-is/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Land of “What Is”

Brothers and sisters, we do not want you to be uninformed about those
who sleep in death, so that you do not grieve like the rest of
mankind, who have no hope.
1 Thessalonians 4:13

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 46:1–7

Even all these years after losing our seventeen-year-old daughter
Melissa in a car accident in 2002, I sometimes find myself entering
the world of “What If.” It’s easy, in grief, to reimagine the events
of that tragic June evening and think of factors that—if
rearranged—would have had Mell arriving safely home.

In reality, though, the land of “What If” is not a good place to be
for any of us. It is a place of regret, second-guessing, and
hopelessness. While the grief is real and the sadness endures, life is
better and God is honored if we dwell in the world of “What Is.”

In that world, we can find hope, encouragement, and comfort. We have
the sure hope (1 Thess. 4:13)—the assurance—that because Melissa loved
Jesus she is in a place that is “better by far” (Phil. 1:23). We have
the helpful presence of the God of all comfort (2 Cor. 1:3). We have
God’s “ever-present help in trouble” (Ps. 46:1). And we often have the
encouragement of fellow believers.

We all wish to avoid the tragedies of life. But when we do face hard
times, our greatest help comes from trusting God, our sure hope in the
land of What Is.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

Father God, You know my broken heart. You know the pain of loss
because You suffered through the death of Your Son. In the midst of
ongoing sorrow, help me to dwell in the comfort of Your hope,
encouragement, and comfort. See the book Beyond the Valley by Dave
Branon at dhp.org/te236.html

Our greatest hope comes from trusting God.
