https://odb.org/2021/02/07/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Recovering What’s Lost

But David found strength in the Lord his God.
1 Samuel 30:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Samuel 30:1–6, 18–19

At the phone store, the young pastor steeled himself for bad news. His
smartphone, accidentally dropped during our Bible class, was a total
loss, right? Actually, no. The store clerk recovered all of the
pastor’s data, including his Bible videos and photos. She also
recovered “every photo I’d ever deleted,” he said. The store also
“replaced my broken phone with a brand-new phone.” As he said, “I
recovered all I had lost and more.”

David once led his own recovery mission after an attack by the vicious
Amalekites. Spurned by Philistine rulers, David and his army
discovered the Amalekites had raided and burned down their town of
Ziklag—taking captive “the women and everyone else in it,” including
all their wives and children (1 Samuel 30:2–3). “So David and his men
wept aloud until they had no strength left to weep” (v. 4). The
soldiers were so bitter with their leader David that they talked of
“stoning him” (v. 6).

“But David found strength in the Lord his God” (v. 6). As
God promised, David pursued the Amalekites and “recovered everything
the Amalekites had taken . . . . Nothing was missing: young or old,
boy or girl, plunder or anything else they had taken. David brought
everything back” (vv. 18–19). As we face spiritual attacks that “rob”
us even of hope, may we find renewed strength in God. He will be with
us in every challenge of life.

By:  Patricia Raybon

Reflect & Pray

What spiritual attacks or life loss are you experiencing? Turning from
your despair to God, how will you find renewed strength in Him?

God, help me to find hope in You even as I face life’s challenges.
