http://odb.org/2015/07/30/grey-power/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium
=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Grey Power

Just as my strength was then, so now is my strength. —
Joshua 14:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: Joshua 14:6-12

Dutch artist Yoni Lefevre created a project called “Grey Power” to
show the vitality of the aging generation in the Netherlands. She
asked local schoolchildren to sketch their grandparents. Lefevre
wanted to show an “honest and pure view” of older people, and she
believed children could help supply this. The youngsters’ drawings
reflected a fresh and lively perspective of their elders—grandmas and
grandpas were shown playing tennis, gardening, painting, and more!

Caleb, of ancient Israel, was vital into his senior years. As a young
man, he infiltrated the Promised Land before the Israelites conquered
it. Caleb believed God would help his nation defeat the Canaanites,
but the other spies disagreed (Josh. 14:8). Because of Caleb’s faith,
God miraculously sustained his life for 45 years so he might survive
the wilderness wanderings and enter the Promised Land. When it was
finally time to enter Canaan, 85-year-old Caleb said, “Just as my
strength was then, so now is my strength” (v. 11). With God’s help,
Caleb successfully claimed his share of the land (Num. 14:24).

God does not forget about us as we grow older. Although our bodies age
and our health may fail, God’s Holy Spirit renews us inwardly each day
(2 Cor. 4:16). He makes it possible for our lives to have significance
at every stage and every age.

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

Heavenly Father, I know that my physical strength and health can fail.
But I pray that You will continually renew me spiritually so I can
serve You faithfully as long as I live.

With God’s strength behind you and His arms beneath you, you can face
whatever lies ahead of you.
