https://odb.org/2017/07/30/all-generations-2/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

All Generations

Your kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, and your dominion endures
through all generations.
Psalm 145:13

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 145:1–13

My parents married in 1933 during the Great Depression. My wife and I
are Baby Boomers, part of the dramatic increase in births following
World War II. Our four daughters, born in the seventies and eighties,
belong to Generations X and Y. Growing up in such different times,
it’s not surprising that we have different opinions about many things!

Generations differ widely in their life experiences and values. And
this is true among followers of Jesus. But no matter what we wear or
the kind of music we enjoy, our spiritual connection is stronger than
those differences.

Psalm 145, a mighty song of praise to God, proclaims our bond of
faith. “One generation commends your works to another; they tell of
your mighty acts. . . . They celebrate your abundant goodness and
joyfully sing of your righteousness” (vv. 4, 7). Within a great
diversity of age and experience, we come together by honoring the
Lord. “They tell of the glory of your kingdom and speak of your might”
(v. 11).

While differences and preferences could divide us, shared faith in
Jesus Christ the Lord brings us together in mutual trust,
encouragement, and praise. Whatever our age and outlook, we need each
other! No matter which generation we belong to, we can learn from each
other and together honor the Lord—“So that all people may know of
[His] mighty acts and the glorious splendor of [His] kingdom” (v. 12).

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Lord, unite Your people from all generations to honor and praise You
as we bear witness of Your love.

God’s kingdom is alive and active in all generations.
