https://odb.org/2018/05/03/stepping-in/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Change in Perspective

It troubled me deeply till I entered the sanctuary of God.
Psalm 73:16–17

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 73:12–28

My hometown had experienced its heaviest winter in thirty years. My
muscles ached from hours of shoveling the unrelenting snow. When I
stepped inside after what felt like a fruitless effort, weary as I
kicked off my boots, I was greeted by the warmth of a fire and my
children gathered around it. As I gazed out the window from the
shelter of my home, my perspective of the weather shifted completely.
Instead of seeing more work to do, I savored the beauty of frosted
tree branches and the way the snow blanketed the colorless landscape
of winter.

I see a similar, but much more poignant, shift in Asaph when I read
his words in Psalm 73. In the beginning, he laments the way the world
seems to work, how wrongs seem to be rewarded. He doubts the value of
being different than the crowd and living for the good of others (v.
13). But when he enters the sanctuary of God, his outlook changes (vv.
16–17): he remembers that God will deal with the world and its
troubles perfectly and, more importantly, that it is good to be with
God (v. 28).

When we’re chilled by the seemingly ceaseless problems in our world,
we can enter God’s sanctuary in prayer and be warmed through by the
life-altering, perspective-changing truth that His judgment is better
than ours. Though our circumstances may not change, our perspective
can.

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

Lord, I admit I quickly become frustrated with the way things appear.
Help me to see the way You do.

God gives us the right perspective.
