http://odb.org/2016/06/28/leaving-the-past-behind/?utm_source=feedburn
er&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%
29

Leaving the Past Behind

Anyone who belongs to Christ has become a new person.
2 Corinthians 5:17

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Corinthians 5:12–21

Chris Baker is a tattoo artist who transforms symbols of pain and
enslavement into works of art. Many of his clients are former gang
members and victims of human trafficking who have been marked with
identifying names, symbols, or codes. Chris transforms these into
beautiful art by tattooing over them with new images.

Jesus does for the soul what Chris Baker does for the skin—He takes us
as we are and transforms us. The Bible says, “Anyone who belongs to
Christ has become a new person. The old life is gone; a new life has
begun!” (2 Cor. 5:17 nlt). Before knowing Christ, we follow our
desires wherever they lead us, and our lifestyles reflect this. When
we repent and begin to walk with Christ, the passions and pitfalls
that once dominated our lives are the “old life” (1 Cor. 6:9–11) that
fades away as we are transformed. “All this is from God, who
reconciled us to himself through Christ” (2 Cor. 5:18).

Still, life as a “new person” isn’t always easy. It can take time to
disconnect from old habits. We may struggle with ideas that were
foundational to our old way of life. Yet over time, God’s Holy Spirit
works in us, giving us inner strength and an understanding of Christ’s
love. As God’s beautiful new creations, we’re free to leave the past
behind.

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

Jesus, thank You for the power of Your death and resurrection. Your
victory over sin means that I can be forgiven and can enjoy a new life
in You.

To enjoy the future, accept God’s forgiveness for the past.
