http://odb.org/2015/09/13/god-so-loved/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

God So Loved . . .

Jesus said, “Father, forgive them, for they do not know what they are
doing.”
Luke 23:34

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 3:13-19

July 28, 2014, marked the 100th anniversary of the beginning of World
War I. In the British media many discussions and documentaries
recalled the start of that 4-year conflict. Even the TV program Mr.
Selfridge, which is based on an actual department store in London,
included an episode set in 1914 that showed young male employees
lining up to volunteer for the army. As I observed these portrayals of
self-sacrifice, I felt a lump in my throat. The soldiers they depicted
had been so young, so eager, and so unlikely to return from the horror
of the trenches.

Although Jesus didn’t go off to war to defeat an earthly foe, He did
go to the cross to defeat the ultimate enemy—sin and death. Jesus came
to earth to demonstrate God’s love in action and to die a horrendous
death so that we could be forgiven of our sins. And He was even
prepared to forgive the men who flogged and crucified Him (Luke
23:34). He conquered death by His resurrection and now we can become
part of God’s forever family (John 3:13-16).

Anniversaries and memorials remind us of important historical events
and heroic deeds. The cross reminds us of the pain of Jesus’ death and
the beauty of His sacrifice for our salvation.

By:  Marion Stroud

Reflect & Pray

Dear Lord, thank You for loving me so much that You left Your home in
heaven, came to earth, and willingly went to the cross for me. Thank
You for paying the penalty for my sins and forgiving me.

The cross of Jesus is the supreme evidence of the love of God. Oswald
Chambers
