https://odb.org/2021/01/01/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Uncharted Waters

When you pass through the waters, I will be with you.
Isaiah 43:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 43:1–7

The ball drops in New York’s Times Square. The crowd counts down to
Big Ben chiming. Sydney Harbor erupts in fireworks. However your city
marks it, there’s something exciting about welcoming in a new year and
the fresh start it brings. On New Year’s Day we push out into new
waters. What friendships and opportunities might we find?

For all its excitement, though, a new year can be unsettling. None of
us knows the future or what storms it may hold. Many New Year’s
traditions reflect this: Fireworks were invented in China to
supposedly ward off evil spirits and make a new season prosperous. And
New Year’s resolutions date back to the Babylonians who made vows to
appease their gods. Such acts were an attempt to make an unknown
future secure.

When they weren’t making vows, the Babylonians were busy conquering
people—including Israel. In time, God sent the enslaved Jews this
message: “Do not fear . . . . When you pass through the waters, I will
be with you” (Isaiah 43:1–2). Later, Jesus said something similar when
He and the disciples were caught sailing in a violent storm. “Why are
you so afraid?” He told them before commanding the waters to be still
(Matthew 8:23–27).

Today we push out from the shore into new, uncharted waters. Whatever
we face, He’s with us—and He has the power to calm the waves.

By:  Sheridan Voysey

Reflect & Pray

What possibilities excite you as you look forward to a new year? What
worries can you place in God’s hands?

God, thank You that whatever this new year brings, You will be with me
in it.
