http://odb.org/2013/11/08/the-blessing-of-giving/

The Blessing Of Giving

It is more blessed to give than to receive. —
Acts 20:35

Today's Scripture: Mark 12:38-44

It made no sense for a widow to donate her last few coins to a corrupt
institution in Jerusalem, where scribes who were dependent on those
gifts “devour[ed] widows’ houses” (Mark 12:40). But in that woman’s
act, Jesus saw a moving display of the proper attitude toward money
(vv.41-44).

Gordon Cosby, while serving as pastor of the Church of the Saviour in
Washington, DC, tells of a widow whose income was barely adequate to
feed and clothe her six children. Yet every week she faithfully placed
$4 in the offering plate. A deacon suggested that Cosby go to her and
assure her that she could use the money instead for her family’s
benefit.

Cosby followed the deacon’s advice—to his regret. “You are trying to
take away the last thing that gives me dignity and meaning,” she said.
She had learned a key to giving: It can benefit the giver more than
the receiver. Yes, those in poverty need financial help. But the need
to give may be as important as the need to receive.

The act of giving reminds us that we live by the grace of God—like the
birds and the flowers. Those creations don’t worry about their future;
neither should we. Giving offers us a way to express our confidence
that God will care for us just as He cares for the sparrow and lily
(Matt. 6:25-34).

By:  Philip Yancey

Reflect & Pray

Whatever, Lord, we lend to Thee, Repaid a thousand-fold will be; Then
gladly will we give to Thee, Who givest all—who givest all. —
Wordsworth

We disarm the power of money by giving it away.
