https://odb.org/2021/02/21/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Unimaginable Promises

He has given us his very great and precious promises.
2 Peter 1:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Peter 1:2–8

In our moments of greatest failure, it can be easy to believe it’s too
late for us, that we’ve lost our chance at a life of purpose and
worth. That’s how Elias, a former inmate at a maximum-security prison
in New York, described feeling as a prisoner. “I had broken . . .
promises, the promise of my own future, the promise of what I could
be.”

It was Bard College’s “Prison Initiative” college degree program that
began to transform Elias’ life. While in the program, he participated
on a debate team, which in 2015 debated a team from Harvard—and won.
For Elias, being “part of the team . . . [was] a way of proving that
these promises weren’t completely lost.”

A similar transformation happens in our hearts when we begin to
understand that the good news of God’s love in Jesus is good news for
us too. It’s not too late, we begin to realize with wonder. God still
has a future for me.

And it’s a future that can neither be earned nor forfeited, dependent
only on God’s extravagant grace and power (2 Peter 1:2–3). A future
where we’re set free from the despair in the world and in our hearts
into one filled with His “glory and goodness” (v. 3). A future secure
in Christ’s unimaginable promises (v. 4); and a future transformed
into the “freedom and glory of the children of God” (Romans 8:21).

By:  Monica La Rose

Reflect & Pray

Why can it be difficult for us to accept “unearned” grace and love?
How does it touch your heart to consider that in God’s eyes you have a
future filled with unimaginable beauty?

Jesus, some days all I can see is the ways I’ve disappointed myself
and others, the ways I’ve broken the future I’ve dreamed of. Help me
to see the unchanging beauty of the future I find in You.
