http://odb.org/2013/04/13/tell-the-story/

Tell The Story

[Tell] to the generation to come the praises of the Lord, and His
strength and His wonderful works that He has done. —
Psalm 78:4

Today's Scripture: Psalm 78:1-8

In an interview with Wired magazine, filmmaker George Lucas was asked
how he wanted to be remembered. He replied: “I’ll be remembered as a
filmmaker. . . . Hopefully some of the stories I told will still be
relevant. . . . If you’ve raised children, you know you have to
explain things to them, and if you don’t, they end up learning the
hard way. . . . So the old stories have to be reiterated again in a
form that’s acceptable to each new generation. I don’t think I’m ever
going to go much beyond the old stories, because I think they still
need to be told.”

In Psalm 78, the psalmist was aware of the possibility of God’s mighty
works being forgotten and a generation being lost, so he called God’s
people to never tire of telling the old story of His redemptive acts
to future generations (v.4). The goal of this perpetual rehearsing of
their history wasn’t just for memorizing historical data; it was to
inspire faith, obedience, and hope in the Lord (v.7) and to keep
future generations from groping in the darkness of unbelief and
rebellion like the generations before them (v.8).

Because of God’s mighty power and grace in our lives we desire to be
faithful to tell His stories that we might inspire faith and obedience
in future generations.

By:  Marvin Williams

Reflect & Pray

I love to tell the story, For some have never heard The message of
salvation From God’s own holy Word. —Hankey

Past stories of grace inspire future stories of faith.
