https://odb.org/2019/08/16/a-sad-story/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Sad Story

The thing David had done displeased the Lord.
2 Samuel 11:27

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Samuel 11:2–15

Painfully, the evil that has long been swept under the rug—sexual
abuse of many women by men who had power over them—has come to light.
Enduring headline after headline, my heart sank when I heard proof of
abuse by two men I admired. The church has not been immune to these
issues.

King David faced his own reckoning. Samuel tells us that one
afternoon, David “saw a woman bathing” (2 Samuel 11:2). And David
wanted her. Though Bathsheba was the wife of one his loyal soldiers
(Uriah), David took her anyway. When Bathsheba told David she was
pregnant, he panicked. And in a despicable act of treachery, David
arranged for Joab to have Uriah die on the battlefield.

There is no hiding David’s abuse of power against Bathsheba and Uriah.
Here it is in full color, Samuel ensuring we see it. We must deal with
our evil.

Also, we must hear these stories because they caution us against the
abuse of power in our times. This was David, “a man after [God’s] own
heart” (Acts 13:22), but also a man who needed to be held accountable
for his actions. May we also prayerfully hold leaders accountable for
how they use or abuse power.

By God’s grace, redemption is possible. If we read further, we
encounter David’s profound repentance (2 Samuel 12:13). Thankfully,
hard hearts can still turn from death to life.

By:  Winn Collier

Reflect & Pray

Why is it important to prayerfully address the abuse of power in our
midst and in our world? How did Jesus reveal the right way to live out
true power?

God, I don’t know what to do with all the brokenness I see in my
world, the brokenness in me. Will You shine Your light and heal us?
