https://odb.org/2017/11/11/the-good-earth/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Good Earth

God said, “Let the water under the sky be gathered to one place, and
let dry ground appear.” And it was so. . . . And God saw that it was
good.
Genesis 1:9–10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Genesis 1:1–10

While orbiting the moon in 1968, Apollo 8 astronaut Bill Anders
described the crew’s close-up view of the moonscape. He called it “a
foreboding horizon . . . a stark and unappetizing-looking place.” Then
the crew took turns reading to a watching world from Genesis 1:1–10.
After Commander Frank Borman finished verse 10, “And God saw that it
was good,” he signed off with, “God bless all of you, all of you on
the good Earth.”

The opening chapter of the Bible insists on two facts:

Creation is God’s work. The phrase “and God said . . .” beats in
cadence all the way through the chapter. The entire magnificent world
we live in is the product of His creative work. All that follows in
the Bible reinforces the message of Genesis 1: Behind all of history,
there is God.

Creation is good. Another sentence tolls softly, like a bell,
throughout this chapter. “And God saw that it was good.” Much has
changed since that first moment of creation. Genesis 1 describes the
world as God wanted it, before any spoiling. Whatever beauty we sense
in nature today is a faint echo of the pristine state God created.

The Apollo 8 astronauts saw Earth as a brightly colored ball hanging
alone in space. It looked at once awesomely beautiful and fragile. It
looked like the view from Genesis 1.

By:  Philip Yancey

Reflect & Pray

O tell of His might, O sing of His grace, whose robe is the light,
whose canopy space; His chariots of wrath the deep thunderclouds form,
and dark is His path on the wings of the storm. Robert Grant

In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth. Genesis 1:1
