http://odb.org/2015/07/20/faithful-service/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Faithful Service

You therefore must endure hardship as a good soldier of Jesus Christ.
—
2 Timothy 2:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Timothy 2:1-10

Having served in World War I, C. S. Lewis was no stranger to the
stresses of military service. In a public address during the Second
World War, he eloquently described the hardships a soldier has to
face: “All that we fear from all the kinds of adversity . . . is
collected together in the life of the soldier on active service. Like
sickness, it threatens pain and death. Like poverty, it threatens ill
lodging, cold, heat, thirst, and hunger. Like slavery, it threatens
toil, humiliation, injustice, and arbitrary rule. Like exile, it
separates you from all you love.”

The apostle Paul used the analogy of a soldier suffering hardship to
describe the trials a believer may experience in service to Christ.
Paul—now at the end of his life—had faithfully endured suffering for
the sake of the gospel. He encourages Timothy to do the same: “You
therefore must endure hardship as a good soldier of Jesus Christ” (2
Tim. 2:3).

Serving Christ requires perseverance. We may encounter obstacles of
poor health, troubled relationships, or difficult circumstances. But
as a good soldier we press on—with God’s strength—because we serve the
King of Kings and Lord of Lords who sacrificed Himself for us!

By:  Dennis Fisher

Reflect & Pray

Dear Father, help me to be faithful in my service to You. Thank You
for the strength You provide to help me persevere through suffering.
Share this prayer from our Facebook page with your friends.
facebook.com/ourdailybread

God’s love does not keep us from trials, but sees us through them.
