https://odb.org/2017/11/14/great-love/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_mediu
m=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Great Love

See what great love the Father has lavished on us, that we should be
called children of God! And that is what we are!
1 John 3:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 John 3:1–8

Recently, we took our twenty-two-month-old granddaughter, Moriah,
overnight for the first time without her older brothers. We lavished
lots of loving, undivided attention on her, and had fun doing the
things she likes to do. The next day after dropping her off, we said
our goodbyes and headed out the door. As we did, without a word Moriah
grabbed her overnight bag (still sitting by the door) and began
following us.

The picture is etched in my memory: Moriah in her diaper and
mismatched sandals ready to depart with Grandma and Grandpa again.
Every time I think of it, I smile. She was eager to go with us, ready
for more individualized time.

Although she is as yet unable to vocalize it, our granddaughter feels
loved and valued. In a small way, our love for Moriah is a picture of
the love God has for us, His children. “See what great love the Father
has lavished on us, that we should be called children of God! And that
is what we are!” (1 John 3:1).

When we believe in Jesus as our Savior, we become His children and
begin to understand the lavish love He bestowed on us by dying for us
(v. 16). Our desire becomes to please Him in what we say and do (v.
6)—and to love Him, eager to spend time with Him.

By:  Alyson Kieda

Reflect & Pray

Dear Lord, thank You for loving us so much that You died for us and
rose again that we might have eternal life with You. Help us to be
examples of Your love to all we meet. Share this prayer from
Facebook.com/ourdailybread.

How deep is the Father’s love for us!
