https://odb.org/2019/02/03/ears-were-made-for-listening/?utm_source=fe
edburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+
Bread%29

Ears Were Made for Listening

Hear this, you foolish and senseless people, who have eyes but do not
see, who have ears but do not hear.
Jeremiah 5:21

Today's Scripture & Insight: Jeremiah 5:18–23

Actress Diane Kruger was offered a role that would make her a
household name. But it required her to play a young wife and mother
experiencing the loss of her husband and child, and she had never
personally suffered loss to such a degree. She didn’t know if she
could be believable. But she accepted, and in order to prepare, she
began attending support meetings for people walking through the valley
of extreme grief.

Initially she offered suggestions and thoughts when those in the group
shared their stories. She, like most of us, wanted to be helpful. But
gradually she stopped talking, and simply started listening. It was
only then she began truly learning to walk a mile in their shoes. And
her realization came by using her ears.

Jeremiah’s indictment against the people was that they refused to use
their “ears” to hear the Lord’s voice. The prophet did not mince
words, calling them “foolish and senseless people” (Jeremiah 5:21).
God is constantly at work in our lives communicating words of love,
instruction, encouragement, and caution. The Father’s desire is that
you and I learn and mature, and we have each been given the tools,
such as ears, to do so. The question then is, will we use them to hear
the heart of our Father?

By:  John Blase

Reflect & Pray

Father, I believe You are always speaking. Forgive my stubborn
tendency to think I have all the answers. Open my ears that I may
hear.

Our ears can help us mature in our faith, if we’ll listen.
