http://odb.org/2011/05/24/simplify/

Simplify

Do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will worry about its own
things. Sufficient for the day is its own trouble. —
Matthew 6:34

Today's Scripture: Matthew 6:25-34

In a radio interview, a basketball superstar was asked about his knack
for making the game-winning shot in crucial situations. The reporter
asked how he was able to be so calm in such pressure-packed moments.
His answer was that he tried to simplify the situation. “You only have
to make one shot,” the player replied. One shot. That is the essence
of simplifying a difficult situation. Focus only on what is in front
of you right now. Don’t worry about the expectations of your coach or
teammates. Simplify.

Recognizing that the challenges of life can be both overwhelming and
suffocating, Jesus urged us to take matters in hand by simplifying. He
said, “Do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will worry about its
own things. Sufficient for the day is its own trouble” (Matt. 6:34).
This was His wise conclusion to His teaching on the debilitating power
of worry. Worry doesn’t accomplish anything positive; it just adds to
the sense that we are drowning in the troubles we are facing. We must
take things as they come­—one day at a time­—and trust Him for the
wisdom to respond properly.

If you feel overwhelmed by life, do what you can today and then
entrust the rest to Him. As Jesus said, “Each day has enough trouble
of its own” (NIV).

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Don’t worry for your future needs, It will only bring you sorrow; But
give them to the Lord instead— He’ll take care of your tomorrow. —Sper

We lose the joy of living in the present when we worry about the
future.
