https://odb.org/2020/12/20/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Look for the Green

The Lord is my shepherd, I lack nothing.
Psalm 23:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 23

The gravelly voiced captain announced yet another delay. Crammed in my
window seat aboard a plane that had already sat unmoving for two
hours, I chafed in frustration. After a long workweek away, I longed
for the comfort and rest of home. How much longer? As I gazed out the
raindrop-covered window, I noticed a lonely triangle of green grass
growing in the gap of cement where runways met. Such an odd sight in
the middle of all that concrete.

As an experienced shepherd, David knew well the need to provide the
rest of green pastures for his sheep. In Psalm 23, he penned an
important lesson that would carry him forward in the exhausting days
of leading as king of Israel. “The Lord is my shepherd, I lack
nothing. He makes me lie down in green pastures, . . . he refreshes my
soul” (vv. 1–3).

On the concrete jungle of an airport tarmac, delayed from my
destination and feeling the lack of comfort and rest, God, my good
Shepherd, directed my eyes to a patch of green. In relationship with
Him, I can discover His ongoing provision of rest wherever I am—if I
notice and enter it.

The lesson has lingered over the years: look for the green. It’s
there. With God in our lives, we lack nothing. He makes us lie down in
green pastures. He refreshes our souls.

By:  Elisa Morgan

Reflect & Pray

Where can you look for the green today? In what ways has God provided
a moment of rest when you thought it was impossible?

Loving God, thank You for being my Shepherd and for making me lie down
in green pastures to refresh my soul.
