http://odb.org/2015/02/07/birthday-celebration/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Birthday Celebration

By You I have been upheld from birth . . . . My praise shall be
continually of You. —
Psalm 71:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 71:5-18

I used to love birthdays. I can still remember standing excitedly on
our front porch waiting for my friends to show up for my 5th birthday
party. I wasn’t just excited about the balloons, the gifts, and the
cake. I was happy that I was no longer only 4! I was growing up.

As I’ve gotten older, however, birthdays have sometimes been more
discouraging than exciting. Last year when I celebrated a birthday
that marked me by decades more than by years, my wife, Martie, cheered
me up with the reminder that I should be grateful to be growing older.
She pointed me to Psalm 71, where the psalmist talks about God’s
presence throughout his life. He remembers that God “took me out of my
mother’s womb” (71:6), and he proclaims with thankfulness, “O God, You
have taught me from my youth; and to this day I declare Your wondrous
works” (v.17). And now, when the psalmist is older, he has the honor
to proclaim: “[God’s] strength to this generation, [His] power to
everyone who is to come” (v.18). God had blessed the psalmist with His
presence through every year of his life.

Birthdays now remind me of God’s faithfulness. And they bring me
closer to being in the presence of the One who has been with me all
these years!

By:  Joe Stowell

Reflect & Pray

Lord, remind me often that growing older means I am growing nearer to
You! Keep my heart filled with gratitude for Your many blessings, and
keep my mind fixed on the joy of heaven.

Count your many blessings—birthday by birthday!
