https://odb.org/2019/07/14/in-living-color/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

In Living Color

The one who sat there had the appearance of jasper and ruby.
Revelation 4:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: Revelation 4:1–6

When Xavier McCoury put on the glasses Aunt Celena sent for his tenth
birthday, he burst into tears. Born colorblind, Xavier had only ever
seen the world in shades of gray, white, and black. With his new
EnChroma glasses, however, Xavier saw color for the first time. His
euphoria at witnessing the beauty around him made his family feel like
they’d beheld a miracle.

Witnessing God’s colorfully radiant brilliance also evoked a powerful
reaction in the apostle John (Revelation 1:17). After encountering the
full glory of the resurrected Christ, John glimpsed “a throne in
heaven with someone sitting on it. And the one who sat there had the
appearance of jasper and ruby. A rainbow that shone like an emerald
encircled the throne. . . . From the throne came flashes of lightning”
(Revelation 4:2–5).

In a different time, Ezekiel had a similar vision, seeing “what looked
like a throne of lapis lazuli,” with a figure above the throne who
“looked like glowing metal, as if full of fire” (Ezekiel 1:26–27).
This magnificent figure was surrounded with rainbow-like radiance (v.
28).

One day we will meet Christ face-to-face. These visions give us just a
hint of the magnificence that awaits us. As we celebrate the beauty of
God’s creation here and now, may we live in anticipation of the glory
yet to be revealed.

By:  Remi Oyedele

Reflect & Pray

What response does the color and beauty of creation evoke in you? How
can you express your gratitude to God for His wonderful gift?

Father, words fail us when we try to imagine what we will experience
when we meet You face-to-face. Thank You for the small hints of Your
beauty You have placed in our world.
