https://odb.org/2018/08/04/radical-love/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Radical Love

When you give a banquet, invite the poor, the crippled, the lame, the
blind.
Luke 14:13

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 14:7–14

Just one week before her scheduled wedding date, Sarah’s engagement
ended. Despite her sadness and disappointment, she decided not to
waste the food she had purchased for her wedding reception. She did,
however, decide to change the celebration plans. She took down the
gift table and revamped the guest list, inviting the residents of
local homeless shelters to the feast.

Jesus upheld this sort of no-strings-attached kindness when speaking
to the Pharisees, saying, “When you give a banquet, invite the poor,
the crippled, the lame, the blind, and you will be blessed” (Luke
14:13–14). He noted that the blessing would come from God because
these guests would not be able to repay the host. Jesus approved of
helping people who couldn’t supply charity donations, sparkling
conversation, or social connections.

When we consider that Jesus spoke these words as He sat at a meal
given by a Pharisee, His message seems provocative and radical. But
real love is radical. I’ve heard it said that love is giving to meet
the needs of others without expecting anything in return. This is how
Jesus has loved each of us. He saw our inner poverty and responded by
giving His life for us.

Knowing Christ personally is a journey into His infinite love. All of
us are invited to explore “how wide and long and high and deep is the
love of Christ” (Ephesians 3:18).

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

Dear God, help me to explore the depths of Your love. I want to give
to others what You have given to me.

How deep is the Father’s love for us!
