https://odb.org/2021/02/16/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Thinking Differently

Do not conform to the pattern of this world.
Romans 12:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 12:1–3

During college, I spent a good chunk of a summer in Venezuela. The
food was astounding, the people delightful, the weather and
hospitality beautiful. Within the first day or two, however, I
recognized that my views on time management weren’t shared by my new
friends. If we planned to have lunch at noon, this meant anywhere
between 12:00 and 1:00 p.m. The same for meetings or travel:
timeframes were approximations without rigid punctuality. I learned
that my idea of “being on time” was far more culturally formed than
I’d realized.

All of us are shaped by the cultural values that surround us, usually
without us ever noticing. Paul calls this cultural force the “world”
(Romans 12:2). Here, “world” doesn’t mean the physical universe, but
rather refers to the ways of thinking pervading our existence.
It refers to the unquestioned assumptions and guiding ideals handed to
us simply because we live in a particular place and time.

Paul warns us to be vigilant to “not conform to the pattern of this
world.” Instead, we must be “transformed by the renewing of [our]
mind” (v. 2). Rather than passively taking on the ways of thinking and
believing that engulf us, we’re called to actively pursue God’s way of
thinking and to learn how to understand His “good, pleasing and
perfect will” (v. 2). May we learn to follow God rather than every
other voice.

By:  Winn Collier

Reflect & Pray

How would you describe the values and assumptions that surround you?
What would it look like for you to not conform to the world’s ways and
to instead follow Jesus’ ways?

God, I don’t even recognize my assumptions and values most of the
time. Help me to live out Your truth and Your mind in it all.
