https://odb.org/2020/02/29/the-secret/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_mediu
m=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Secret

I have learned the secret of being content in any and every situation.
Philippians 4:12

Today's Scripture & Insight: Philippians 4:10–19

Sometimes I suspect my cat Heathcliff suffers from a bad case of FOMO
(fear of missing out). When I come home with groceries, Heathcliff
rushes over to inspect the contents. When I’m chopping vegetables, he
stands up on his back paws peering at the produce and begging me to
share. But when I actually give Heathcliff whatever’s caught his
fancy, he quickly loses interest, walking away with an air of bored
resentment.

But it’d be hypocritical for me to be hard on my little buddy. He
reflects a bit of my own insatiable hunger for more, my assumption
that “now” is never enough.

According to Paul, contentment isn’t natural—it’s learned (Philippians
4:11). On our own, we desperately pursue whatever we think will
satisfy, moving on to the next thing the minute we realize it won’t.
Other times, our discontent takes the form of anxiously shielding
ourselves from any and all suspected threats.

Ironically, sometimes it takes experiencing what we’d feared the most
in order to stumble into real joy. Having experienced much of the
worst life has to offer, Paul could testify firsthand to “the secret”
of true contentment (vv. 11–12)—the mysterious reality that as we lift
up to God our longings for wholeness, we experience unexplainable
peace (vv. 6–8), carried ever deeper into the depths of Christ’s
power, beauty, and grace.  :)

By:  Monica La Rose

Reflect & Pray

How have you experienced mysterious peace when you least expected it?
What desperate longings or fears might you need to lift up to God?

Father, help me to surrender my attempts to secure my own happiness in
exchange for embracing the gift of each moment with You.
