http://odb.org/2016/07/14/from-mourning-to-dancing/?utm_source=feedbur
ner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread
%29

From Mourning to Dancing

He has sent me . . . to bestow on [those who grieve] a crown of beauty
instead of ashes, the oil of joy instead of mourning.
Isaiah 61:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 61:1–4

“We’re cutting your job.” A decade ago those words sent me reeling
when the company I worked for eliminated my position. At the time, I
felt shattered, partly because my identity was so intertwined with my
role as editor. Recently I felt a similar sadness when I heard that my
freelance job was ending. But this time I didn’t feel rocked at my
foundation, because over the years I have seen God’s faithfulness and
how He can turn my mourning to joy.

Though we live in a fallen world where we experience pain and
disappointment, the Lord can move us from despair to rejoicing, as we
see in Isaiah’s prophecy about the coming of Jesus (Isa. 61:1–3). The
Lord gives us hope when we feel hopeless; He helps us to forgive when
we think we can’t; He teaches us that our identity is in Him and not
in what we do. He gives us courage to face an unknown future. When we
wear the rags of “ashes,” He gently gives us a coat of praise.

When we face loss, we shouldn’t run from the sadness, but neither do
we want to become bitter or hardened. When we think about God’s
faithfulness over the years, we know that He’s willing and able to
turn our grief to dancing once again—to give us sufficient grace in
this life and full joy in heaven.

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

Father God, You turned Jesus’s pain on the cross into our best gift
ever. Deepen my faith that I may welcome Your life-changing love into
my life.

God can bring times of growth out of our times of heartache.
