https://odb.org/2019/07/27/in-service-training/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

In-Service Training

On this rock I will build my church.
Matthew 16:18

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 16:21–28

A manager at a company in Brazil requested a written report from the
custodians in her building. Each day she wanted to know who cleaned
each room, which rooms were left untouched, and how much time
employees spent in each room. The first “daily” report arrived a week
later, partially completed.

When the manager looked into the matter, she discovered most of the
cleaning employees couldn’t read. She could have fired them, but
instead she arranged for them to have literacy lessons. Within five
months, everyone was reading at a basic level and continued in their
jobs.

God often uses our struggles as opportunities to equip us to continue
working for Him. Peter’s life was marked by inexperience and mistakes.
His faith faltered as he tried to walk on water. He wasn’t sure if
Jesus should pay the temple tax (Matthew 17:24–27). He even rejected
Christ’s prophecy about the crucifixion and resurrection (16:21–23).
Through each issue Jesus taught Peter more about who He was—the
promised Messiah (v. 16). Peter listened and learned what he needed to
know to help found the early church (v. 18).

If you’re discouraged by some failure today, remember that Jesus may
use it to teach you and lead you forward in your service for Him.
He continued to work with Peter despite his shortcomings, and He can
use us to continue to build His kingdom until He returns.

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

How has God used challenges in your life to lead and equip you to
serve Him? What past failure do you need to release to Him today?

Lord, I believe You can use any experience to teach me more about who
You are. Take my failures and use them for Your glory.
