https://odb.org/2021/02/18/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Remember to Sing

How good it is to sing praises to our God.
Psalm 147:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 147:1–7

Nancy Gustafson, a retired opera singer, was devastated when she
visited her mother and observed her decline from dementia. Her mom no
longer recognized her and barely spoke. After several monthly visits,
Nancy had an idea. She started singing to her. Her mother’s eyes lit
up at the musical sounds, and she began singing too—for twenty
minutes! Then Nancy’s mom laughed, joking they were “The Gustafson
Family Singers!” The dramatic turnaround suggested the power of music,
as some therapists conclude, to evoke lost memories. Singing “old
favorites” has also been shown to boost mood, reduce falls, lessen
visits to the emergency room, and decrease the need for sedative
drugs.

More research is underway on a music-memory link. Yet, as the Bible
reveals, the joy that comes from singing is a gift from God—and it’s
real. “How good it is to sing praises to our God, how pleasant and
fitting to praise him!” (Psalm 147:1).

Throughout the Scriptures, in fact, God’s people are urged to lift
their voices in songs of praise to Him. “Sing to the Lord , for he has
done glorious things” (Isaiah 12:5). “He put a new song in my mouth, a
hymn of praise to our God. Many will see and fear the Lord and put
their trust in him” (Psalm 40:3). Our singing inspires us but also
those who hear it. May we all remember: our God is great and worthy of
praise.

By:  Patricia Raybon

Reflect & Pray

What role does singing play in your life? How can you make more time
for singing songs of praise with those who are experiencing memory
problems?

May I sing praises to You, God. Thank You for so often unlocking the
minds of those with memory problems through the beauty and power of
song. To dig deeper, read Psalms: Ancient Prayers for Modern People at
ChristianUniversity.org/OT222.
