https://odb.org/2019/02/15/sinking-into-grace/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Sinking into Grace

[God] grants sleep to those he loves.
Psalm 127:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 127:1–2

Finally, on January 8, 1964, seventeen-year-old Randy Gardner did
something he hadn’t done for eleven days and twenty-five minutes: he
nodded off to sleep. He wanted to beat the Guinness Book World Record
for how long a human could stay awake. By drinking soft drinks and
hitting the basketball court and bowling alley, Gardner rebuffed sleep
for a week and a half. Before finally collapsing, his sense of taste,
smell, and hearing went haywire. Decades later, Gardner suffered from
severe bouts of insomnia. He set the record but also confirmed the
obvious: sleep is essential.

Many of us struggle to get a decent night’s rest. Unlike Gardner who
deprived himself intentionally, we might suffer sleeplessness for a
number of reasons—including a mountain of anxieties: the fear of all
we need to accomplish, the dread of others’ expectations, the distress
of living at a frantic pace. Sometimes it’s hard for us to turn off
the fear and relax.

The psalmist tells us that “unless the Lord builds the house,” we
labor in vain (Psalm 127:1). Our “toiling” and our relentless efforts
are useless unless God provides what we need. Thankfully, God does
provide what we need. He “grants sleep to those he loves” (v. 2). And
God’s love extends to all of us. He invites us to release our
anxieties to Him and sink into His rest, into His grace.

By:  Winn Collier

Reflect & Pray

God, I’m so anxious. I churn inside. Would You help me trust You with
my night, with my day, with my life?

Trusting God releases anxiety and carries us into rest.
