http://odb.org/2014/03/20/misplaced-love/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Misplaced Love

Their idols are silver and gold, the work of men’s hands. —
Psalm 115:4

Today's Scripture: Psalm 115

Martin Lindstrom, an author and speaker, thinks that cellphones have
become akin to a best friend for many owners. Lindstrom’s experiment
using an MRI helped him discover why. When the subjects saw or heard
their phone ringing, their brains fired off neurons in the area
associated with feelings of love and compassion. Lindstrom said, “It
was as if they were in the presence of a girlfriend, boyfriend, or
family member.”

Many things vie for our affection and time and attention, and it seems
we’re always needing to evaluate where we’re focusing our lives.
Joshua told the people of Israel that they were to give their
affection and worship to God alone (Josh. 24:14). This was significant
in contrast to the idols worshiped by the nations around them. These
idols were made of metal and were only the work of men’s hands (Ps.
115:4). They were totally powerless compared to the Lord. Therefore,
God’s people were exhorted to find their security in Him and not in
other gods (Judg. 10:13-16). Jesus reiterated this in His discussion
of the commandments: “Love the Lord your God with all your heart, with
all your soul, and with all your mind” (Matt. 22:37).

The Lord alone is our help and shield (Ps. 115:9). May we reserve our
worship for Him.

By:  Marvin Williams

Reflect & Pray

For Further Thought What do our actions in the last few months reveal
about our affections? Is there any indication that we have placed
someone or something above God?

God is most worthy of our affections.
