http://odb.org/2014/06/13/were-safe/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=
feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

We’re Safe

[God] has begotten us . . . to an inheritance incorruptible and
undefiled and that does not fade away, reserved in heaven for you. —
1 Peter 1:3-4

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Peter 1:3-5

The United States Bullion Depository in Fort Knox, Kentucky, is a
fortified building that stores 5,000 tons of gold bullion and other
precious items entrusted to the federal government. Fort Knox is
protected by a 22-ton door and layers of physical security: alarms,
video cameras, minefields, barbed razor wire, electric fences, armed
guards, and unmarked Apache helicopters. Based on the level of
security, Fort Knox is considered one of the safest places on earth.

As safe as Fort Knox is, there’s another place that’s safer, and it’s
filled with something more precious than gold: Heaven holds our gift
of eternal life. The apostle Peter encouraged believers in Christ to
praise God because we have “a living hope”—a confident expectation
that grows and gains strength the more we learn about Jesus (1 Peter
1:3). And our hope is based on the resurrected Christ. His gift of
eternal life will never come to ruin as a result of hostile forces. It
will never lose its glory or freshness, because God has been keeping
and will continue to keep it safe in heaven. No matter what harm may
come to us in our life on earth, God is guarding our souls. Our
inheritance is safe.

Like a safe within a safe, our salvation is protected by God and we’re
secure.

By:  Marvin Williams

Reflect & Pray

For Further Thought What about your salvation brings you the greatest
joy? How does it make you feel knowing that your salvation is kept
safe with God?

An inheritance in heaven is the safest possible place.
