http://odb.org/2016/11/13/pay-close-attention/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Pay Close Attention

All the people listened attentively to the Book of the Law.
Nehemiah 8:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: Nehemiah 8:2–6; Acts 8:4–8

As I sat in the auditorium, I faced the pastor with my eyes fixed on
him. My posture suggested I was absorbing everything he was saying.
Suddenly I heard everybody laughing and clapping. Surprised, I looked
about. The preacher had apparently said something humorous, but I had
no clue what it might have been. From all appearances I had been
listening carefully, but in reality my mind was far away.

It’s possible to hear what is being said but not listen, to watch but
not see, to be present and yet absent. In such a condition, we may
miss important messages meant for us.

As Ezra read God’s instructions to the people of Judah, “All the
people listened attentively to the Book of the Law” (Neh. 8:3). Their
attention to the explanation produced understanding (v. 8), which
resulted in their repentance and revival. In another situation in
Samaria, Philip, after persecution of the believers broke out in
Jerusalem (Acts 8:1), reached out to the Samaritan people. The crowd
not only observed the miraculous signs he did, but they also “paid
close attention to what he said” (v. 6). “So there was great joy in
that city” (v. 8).

The mind can be like a wandering adventurer that misses a lot of
excitement close by. Nothing deserves more attention than words that
help us discover the joy and wonder of our Father in heaven.

By:  Lawrence Darmani

Reflect & Pray

Lord, our minds are so prone to distraction. Help us to be present in
the moment, especially when listening to those who instruct us in Your
ways.

The receiving of the Word consists in two parts: attention of the mind
and intention of the will. William Ames
