http://odb.org/2011/05/07/peace-and-reconciliation/

Peace And Reconciliation

Should you not also have had compassion on your fellow servant, just
as I had pity on you? —
Matthew 18:33

Today's Scripture: Matthew 18:21-35

When the US Civil War ended in 1865, more than half a million soldiers
lay dead, the economy was shattered, and people remained deeply
divided politically. The observance of Mother’s Day in the United
States began with two women’s efforts for peace and reconciliation
during this time of anguish. In 1870, Julia Ward Howe called for an
International Mother’s Day on which women would unite in opposing war
in all its forms. A few years later, Anna Reeves Jarvis began her
annual Mother’s Friendship Day in an effort to reunite families and
neighbors alienated by the war. There is always great suffering when
friends and families are fractured and unwilling to forgive.

The gospel of Jesus Christ brings the promise of peace and
reconciliation with God and with each other. When Peter asked Jesus
how often he should forgive a brother who sinned against him (Matt.
18:21), the Lord surprised everyone with His answer of “seventy times
seven” (v.22). Then He told an unforgettable story about a servant who
had received forgiveness and failed to pass it on (vv.23-35). As God
freely forgives us, so He requires that we extend what we have
received to others.

With God’s love and power, forgiveness is always possible.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Oh, what joy and peace we forfeit, When forgiveness we withhold;
Fellowship with God is broken, And the heart grows hard and cold. —D.
De Haan

Forgiveness is Christianity in action.
