https://odb.org/2020/07/23/a-glimmer-on-the-sea/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Glimmer on the Sea

At that time you were separate from Christ. . . . without hope and
without God in the world.
Ephesians 2:12

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ephesians 2:1–5, 11–13

“I lay on my bed full of stale liquor and despair,” wrote journalist
Malcolm Muggeridge of a particularly dismal evening during his work as
a World War II spy. “Alone in the universe, in eternity, with no
glimmer of light.”

In such a condition, he did the only thing he thought sensible; he
tried to drown himself. Driving to the nearby Madagascar coast, he
began the long swim into the ocean until he grew exhausted. Looking
back, he glimpsed the distant coastal lights. For no reason clear to
him at the time, he started swimming back toward the lights. Despite
his fatigue, he recalls “an overwhelming joy.”

Muggeridge didn’t know exactly how, but he knew God had reached him in
that dark moment, infusing him with a hope that could only be
supernatural. The apostle Paul wrote often about such hope. In
Ephesians he noted that, before knowing Christ, each of us is “dead in
[our] transgressions and sins . . . . without hope and without God in
the world” (2:1, 12). But “God, who is rich in mercy, made us alive
with Christ even when we were dead” (vv. 4–5).

This world tries to drag us into the depths, but there’s no reason to
succumb to despair. As Muggeridge said about his swim in the sea, “It
became clear to me that there was no darkness, only the possibility of
losing sight of a light which shone eternally.”

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

What has been your darkest moment? In what places have you glimpsed
the “light that shines eternally”?

Father, You’re the source of all my genuine hope. Fill me with Your
light and joy.
