https://odb.org/2018/02/20/the-great-physician-2/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

The Great Physician

Remain in me, as I also remain in you.
John 15:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 4:23–5:12

When Dr. Rishi Manchanda asks his patients, “Where do you live?” he’s
looking for more than an address. He has seen a pattern. Those who
come to him for help often live in conditions of environmental stress.
Molds, pests, and toxins are making them sick. So Dr. Manchanda has
become an advocate of what he calls Upstream Doctors. These are health
care workers who, while providing urgent medical care, are working
with patients and communities to get to the source of better health.

As Jesus healed those who came to Him (Matthew 4:23–24), He lifted
their eyes beyond the need for urgent physical and material care. With
His Sermon on the Mount He offered more than a medical miracle
(5:1–12). Seven times Jesus described attitudes of mind and heart that
reflect a well-being that begins with a new vision and promise of
spiritual well-being (vv. 3–9). Two more times he called blessed those
who experience relentless persecution and find their hope and home in
Him (vv. 10–12).

Jesus’s words leave me wondering. Where am I living? How aware am I of
my need for a well-being that is greater than my urgent need for
physical and material relief? As I long for a miracle, do I embrace as
enviable the poor, broken, hungry, merciful, peacemaking heart that
Jesus calls blessed?

By:  Mart DeHaan

Reflect & Pray

Father in heaven, it’s so hard to see beyond our pain. Please let us
sense Your mercy in this moment. Lift our eyes beyond ourselves. Let
us find a new vision and source of health in the care of Christ, who
heals.

When God is our home, our hope is in Him.
