https://odb.org/2021/05/01/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Dwelling in Our Hearts

I pray that . . . he may strengthen you with power through his Spirit
in your inner being, so that Christ may dwell in your hearts through
faith.
Ephesians 3:16–17

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ephesians 3:14–21

Sometimes the words of children can jolt us into a deeper
understanding of God’s truth. One evening when my daughter was young,
I told her about one of the great mysteries of the Christian
faith—that God through His Son and Spirit dwells in His children. As I
tucked her into bed, I said that Jesus was with her and in her. “He’s
in my tummy?” she asked. “Well, you haven’t swallowed Him,” I replied.
“But He’s right there with you.”

My daughter’s literal translation of Jesus being “in her tummy” made
me stop and consider how when I asked Jesus to be my Savior, He came
and took residence within me.

The apostle Paul referred to this mystery when he prayed that the Holy
Spirit would strengthen the believers in Ephesus so that Christ would
“dwell in [their] hearts through faith” (Ephesians 3:17). With Jesus
living within, they could grasp how deeply He loved them. Fueled by
this love, they would mature in their faith and love others with
humility and gentleness while speaking the truth in love (4:2, 25).

Jesus dwelling inside His followers means that His love never leaves
those who’ve welcomed Him into their lives. His love that surpasses
knowledge (3:19) roots us to Him, helping us to understand how deeply
He loves us.

Words written for children can say it best: “Yes, Jesus loves me!”

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

How does Jesus dwelling inside you give you great comfort? How can you
grow closer to God knowing that His power gives you strength?

God, You’re not far off, but are close to me. May I delight in Your
love and share it with others.
