https://odb.org/2020/05/01/no-more-living-in-the-branches/?utm_source=
feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Dail
y+Bread%29

Living in the Branches

Christ will make his home in your hearts as you trust in him. Your
roots will grow down into God’s love and keep you strong.
Ephesians 3:17

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ephesians 4:14–24

As I shared with my counselor my roller-coaster of emotions after a
stress-filled week, she listened thoughtfully. Then she invited me to
look out the window at the trees, lush with autumnal oranges and
golds, the branches swaying in the wind.

Pointing out that the trunks weren’t moving at all in the wind, my
counselor explained, “We’re a bit like that. When life is blowing at
us from every direction, of course our emotions will go up and down
and all around. But sometimes we live as if we only have branches. Our
goal is to help you find your own trunk. That way, even when life is
pulling from all sides, you won’t be living in your branches. You’ll
still be secure and stable.”

It’s an image that’s stuck with me, and it’s similar to the image Paul
offered new believers in Ephesians. Reminding them of God’s incredible
gift—a new life of tremendous purpose and value (Ephesians 2:6–10),
Paul shared his longing that they’d become deeply “rooted and
established” in Christ’s love (3:17), no longer “blown here and there
by every wind of teaching” (4:14).

On our own, it’s easy to feel insecure and fragile, pummeled by our
fears and insecurities. But as we grow in our true identity in Christ
(vv. 22–24), we can experience deep peace with God and each other (v.
3), nourished and sustained by Christ’s power and beauty (vv. 15–16).

By:  Monica La Rose

Reflect & Pray

When do you feel most “blown here and there” by life’s challenges? How
might remembering your identity in Jesus encourage and strengthen you?

Jesus, thank You for the overwhelmingly good news that the strength
needed to withstand life’s challenges isn’t our own. Help us to grow
ever-deeper roots in Your love and our place in Your family.
