https://odb.org/2020/11/13/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

When God Speaks

So is my word that goes out from my mouth: It will not return to me
empty.
Isaiah 55:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 55:10–13

Lily, a Bible translator, was flying home to her country when she was
detained at the airport. Her mobile phone was searched, and when the
officials found an audio copy of the New Testament on it, they
confiscated the phone and questioned her for two hours. At one point
they asked her to play the Scripture app, which happened to be set at
Matthew 7:1–2: “Do not judge, or you too will be judged. For in the
same way you judge others, you will be judged, and with the measure
you use, it will be measured to you.” Hearing these words in his own
language, one of the officers turned pale. Later, she was released and
no further action was taken.

We don’t know what happened in that official’s heart at the airport,
but we know that the “word that goes out from [God’s]
mouth” accomplishes what He desires (Isaiah 55:11). Isaiah prophesied
these words of hope to God’s people in exile, assuring them that even
as the rain and snow make the earth bud and grow, so too what goes
“out from [His] mouth” achieves His purposes (vv. 10–11).

We can read this passage to bolster our confidence in God. When we’re
facing unyielding circumstances, such as Lily with the airport
officials, may we trust that God is working—even when we don’t see the
final outcome.

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

When was the last time you saw God at work? How have you received
God’s love through the words He's declared?

Heavenly Father, thank You for what You’ve revealed, which brings me
hope, peace, and love. Help me to grow in my love for You.
