http://odb.org/2011/05/30/let-honor-meet-honor/

Let Honor Meet Honor

Take heed that you do not do your charitable deeds before men, to be
seen by them. Otherwise you have no reward from your Father in heaven.
—
Matthew 6:1

Today's Scripture: Matthew 6:1-6

I’ve always been impressed by the solemn, magnificent simplicity of
the Changing of the Guard at the Tomb of the Unknowns at Arlington
National Cemetery. The carefully choreographed event is a moving
tribute to soldiers whose names—and sacrifice—are “known but to God.”
Equally moving are the private moments of steady pacing when the
crowds are gone: back and forth, hour after hour, day by day, in even
the worst weather.

In September 2003, Hurricane Isabel was bearing down on Washington,
DC, and the guards were told they could seek shelter during the worst
of the storm. Surprising almost no one, the guards refused! They
unselfishly stood their post to honor their fallen comrades even in
the face of a hurricane.

Underlying Jesus’ teaching in Matthew 6:1-6, I believe, is His desire
for us to live with an unrelenting, selfless devotion to Him. The
Bible calls us to good deeds and holy living, but these are to be acts
of worship and obedience (vv.4-6), not orchestrated acts for self-
glorification (v.2). The apostle Paul endorses this whole-life
faithfulness when he pleads with us to make our bodies “a living
sacrifice” (Rom. 12:1).

May our private and public moments speak of our devotion and
wholehearted commitment to You, Lord.

By:  Randy Kilgore

Reflect & Pray

Grant me the strength this day, O Lord, to persevere, to return honor
to Your name where I am serving. My desire is to give myself in
selfless devotion because of Your love for me. Amen.

The more we serve Christ, the less we will serve self.
