https://odb.org/2020/06/07/adrift/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=fe
ed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

In Need of Rescue

A Samaritan, as he traveled, came where the man was; and when he saw
him, he took pity on him.
Luke 10:33

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 10:30–37

A teenager named Aldi was working alone on a fishing hut anchored
about 125 kilometers (about 78 miles) off Indonesia’s Sulawesi Island
when heavy winds knocked the hut off its mooring and sent it out to
sea. For forty-nine days, Aldi drifted in the ocean. Every time he
spotted a ship, he turned on his lamp to try and get the sailors’
attention, only to be disappointed. About ten ships passed the
malnourished teen before he was rescued.

Jesus told a parable to an “expert in the law” (Luke 10:25) about
someone who needed to be rescued. Two men—a priest and a Levite—saw an
injured man as they were traveling. But rather than help him, both
“passed by on the other side” (vv. 31–32). We aren’t told why. Both
were religious men and would have been familiar with God’s law to love
their neighbor (Leviticus 19:17–18). They may have thought it was too
dangerous. Or perhaps they didn’t want to break Jewish laws about
touching dead bodies, making them ceremonially unclean and unable to
serve in the temple. In contrast, a Samaritan—who was despised by the
Jews—acted nobly. He saw the man in need and selflessly took care of
him.

Jesus wrapped up His teaching with the command that His followers
should “go and do likewise” (Luke 10:37). May God give us the
willingness to risk reaching out in love to help others.

By:  Poh Fang Chia

Reflect & Pray

Who has Jesus put in your path that needs your help? How can you put
your love into action today?

God, open my eyes to the needs around me and give me Your heart of
compassion for others.
