https://odb.org/2020/04/17/able-to-help/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Able to Help

Because he himself suffered when he was tempted, he is able to help
those who are being tempted.
Hebrews 2:18

Today's Scripture & Insight: Hebrews 2:14–18

Joe’s eight-week “break” from his job as a crisis care worker at a New
York City church was not a vacation. In his words, it was “to live
again among the homeless, to become one of them, to remember what
hungry, tired, and forgotten feel like.” Joe’s first stint on the
streets had come nine years earlier when he arrived from Pittsburgh
without a job or a place to stay. For thirteen days he lived on the
streets with little food or sleep. That’s how God had prepared him for
decades of ministry to needy people.

When Jesus came to earth, He also chose to share the experiences of
those He came to save. “Since the children have flesh and blood, he
too shared in their humanity so that by his death he might break the
power of him who holds the power of death—that is, the devil” (Hebrews
2:14). From birth to death, nothing was missing from Christ’s human
experience—except sin (4:15). Because He conquered sin, He can help us
when we’re tempted to sin.

And Jesus doesn’t need to reacquaint Himself with our earthly cares.
The One who saves us remains connected to us and is deeply interested
in us. Whatever life brings, we can be assured that the One who
rescued us from our greatest foe, the devil (2:14), stands ready to
help us in our times of greatest need.

By:  Arthur Jackson

Reflect & Pray

How does it encourage you to know that Jesus became one of us to
identify with us and help us? What difference does knowing that He
“walked in our shoes” make during this season in your life?

Father, help me to remember that You’re ready to help me in all areas
of my life.
