http://odb.org/2012/08/05/totally-clean/

Totally Clean

If we confess our sins, He is faithful and just to forgive us our sins
and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness. —
1 John 1:9

Today's Scripture: 1 John 1:1-10

A friend was updating me on his past year—a year in which he had been
receiving ongoing medical treatment for cancer. The smile on his face
was a powerful testimony to the good news he had just received. He
said that at his one-year checkup the doctor announced that the test
results all pointed to one thing: “You are totally clean!” What a
difference two words can make! To my friend, totally clean meant every
trace of the disease that had threatened his life only months before
had been wiped from his body. We rejoiced to hear that he was totally
clean!

King David, after his moral failure with Bathsheba, longed for a
similar thing to happen in his heart. Hoping for the stains of his sin
to be washed away, he cried out, “Create in me a clean heart, O God,
and renew a steadfast spirit within me” (Ps. 51:10). The good news for
him and for us is that our sins can be taken care of. When we need
cleansing, John’s familiar words bring hope: “If we confess our sins,
He is faithful and just to forgive us our sins and to cleanse us from
all unrighteousness” (1 John 1:9).

We can’t cleanse our own hearts; only God can do that. If we confess
our sins to Him, He promises to make us totally clean!

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Search me, O God, and know my heart today Try me, O Savior, know my
thoughts, I pray. See if there be some wicked way in me; Cleanse me
from every sin and set me free. —Orr

Confession to God always brings cleansing from God.
