https://odb.org/2019/03/20/from-wailing-to-worship/?utm_source=feedbur
ner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread
%29

From Wailing to Worship

You turned my wailing into dancing; you . . . clothed me with joy.
Psalm 30:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 30

Kim began battling breast cancer in 2013. Four days after her
treatment ended, doctors diagnosed her with a progressive lung disease
and gave her three to five years to live. She grieved, sobbing prayers
as she processed her emotions before God for the first year. By the
time I met Kim in 2015, she had surrendered her situation to Him and
radiated contagious joy and peace. Though some days are still hard,
God continues to transform her heart-wrenching suffering into a
beautiful testimony of hope-filled praise as she encourages others.

Even when we’re in dire circumstances, God can turn our wailing into
dancing. Though His healing won’t always look or feel like we’d hoped
or expected, we can be confident in God’s ways (Psalm 30:1–3). No
matter how tear-stained our path may be, we have countless reasons to
praise Him (v. 4). We can rejoice in God, as He secures our confident
faith (vv. 5–7). We can cry out for His mercy (vv. 8–10), celebrating
the hope He’s brought to many weeping worshipers. Only God can
transform wails of despair into vibrant joy that doesn’t depend on
circumstances (vv. 11–12).

As our merciful God comforts us in our sorrow, He envelops us in peace
and empowers us to extend compassion toward others and ourselves. Our
loving and faithful Lord can and does turn our wailing into worship
that can lead to heart-deep trust, praise, and maybe even joyful
dancing.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

What’s the source of true peace and joy? What does it mean for you to
truly surrender your all to God?

God, please hold us close as we trust You can transform our wails to
worship.
