https://odb.org/2019/11/24/god-talk-2/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_mediu
m=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

God Talk

Fix these words of mine in your hearts and minds; tie them as symbols
on your hands and bind them on your foreheads.
Deuteronomy 11:18

Today's Scripture & Insight: Deuteronomy 11:13–21

A study conducted by the Barna Group in 2018 found that most Americans
don’t like to talk about God. Only seven percent of Americans say they
talk about spiritual matters regularly—and practicing believers in
Jesus in America aren’t that different. Only thirteen percent of
regular churchgoers say they have a spiritual conversation about once
a week.

Perhaps it’s not surprising that spiritual conversations are on the
decline. Talking about God can be dangerous. Whether because of a
polarized political climate, because disagreement might cause a rift
in a relationship, or because a spiritual conversation might cause you
to realize a change you need to make in your life—these can feel like
high-stakes conversations.

But in the instructions given to God’s people, the Israelites, in the
book of Deuteronomy, talking about God can be a normal, natural part
of everyday life. God’s people were to memorize His words and to
display them in places where they’d often be seen. The law said to
talk about God’s instructions for life with your children “when you
sit at home and when you walk along the road, when you lie down and
when you get up” (11:19).

God calls us to conversation. Take a chance, rely on the Spirit, and
try turning your small talk toward something deeper. God will bless
our communities as we talk about His words and practice them.

By:  Amy Peterson

Reflect & Pray

What challenges have come to you as a result of spiritual
conversations with friends? What blessings?

There’s so much about You, God, that can be shared with others in my
life. Lead me as I interact with them. To learn more about why the
Bible endures, visit https://ourdailybreadfilms.org/film/the-bible-
why-does-it-endure/.
