https://odb.org/2019/12/08/attitude-of-gratitude/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

Attitude of Gratitude

Let the peace of Christ rule in your hearts, since as members of one
body you were called to peace. And be thankful.
Colossians 3:15

Today's Scripture & Insight: Colossians 3:12–25

In my state in the US, the winters can be brutal, with sub-zero
temperatures and never-ending snow. One bitterly cold day, as I
shoveled snow for what seemed like the thousandth time, our postman
paused in his rounds to ask how I was doing. I told him that I
disliked winter and was weary of all the heavy snow. I then commented
that his job must be pretty rough during these extreme weather
conditions. He responded, “Yeah, but at least I have a job. A lot of
people don’t. I’m thankful to be working.”

I have to admit that I felt quite convicted by his attitude of
gratitude. How easily we can lose sight of everything we have to be
thankful for when the circumstances of life become unpleasant.

Paul told the followers of Christ at Colossae, “Let the peace of
Christ rule in your hearts, since as members of one body you were
called to peace. And be thankful” (Colossians 3:15). He wrote to the
Thessalonians, “Give thanks in all circumstances; for this is God’s
will for you in Christ Jesus” (1 Thessalonians 5:18).

Even in our times of genuine struggle and pain, we can know God’s
peace and permit it to rule our hearts. And in that peace, we’ll find
reminders of all that we’ve been given in Christ. In that, we can
truly be thankful.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

What do you need to stop complaining about? What do you have to thank
God for today?

God, how often I complain about things that are mere inconveniences.
Help me never to lose sight of Your goodness. Give me a heart full of
gratitude.
