https://odb.org/2020/08/10/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

On the Bubble

You are a chosen people, a royal priesthood, a holy nation, God’s
special possession, that you may declare the praises of him who called
you . . . into his wonderful light.
1 Peter 2:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Peter 2:4–10

A news article in May 1970 contained one of the first uses of the
idiom “on the bubble.” Referring to a state of uncertainty, the
expression was used in relation to rookie race car driver Steve
Krisiloff. He’d been “on the bubble,” having posted a slow qualifying
lap for the Indianapolis 500. Later, it was confirmed that his
time—though the slowest of those who qualified—allowed him to compete
in the race.

We can feel at times that we’re “on the bubble,” uncertain we have
what it takes to compete in or finish the race of life. When we’re
feeling that way, it’s important to remember that in Jesus we’re never
“on the bubble.” As children of God, our place in His kingdom is
secure (John 14:3). Our confidence flows from Him who chose Jesus to
be the “cornerstone” on which our lives are built, and He chose us to
be “living stones” filled with the Spirit of God, capable of being the
people God created us to be (1 Peter 2:5–6).

In Christ, our future is secure as we hope in and follow Him (v. 6).
For “[we] are a chosen people, a royal priesthood, a holy nation,
God’s special possession, that [we] may declare the praises of him who
called [us] out of darkness into his wonderful light” (v. 9).

In Jesus’ eyes we’re not “on the bubble.” We’re precious and loved (v.
4).

By:  Ruth O'Reilly-Smith

Reflect & Pray

In what areas of life have you found yourself “on the bubble” and
struggling with uncertainty? What can you do to regain your confidence
in Jesus?

Father God, when disappointments threaten to undermine my identity as
Your child, remind me to put my hope and confidence in You alone.
