https://odb.org/2019/10/26/seeds-of-grace/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Seeds of Grace

The seed sprouts and grows, though he does not know how.
Mark 4:27

Today's Scripture & Insight: Mark 4:26–29

For nearly four decades, a man in India has worked to bring a
scorched, sandy wasteland back to life. Seeing how erosion and
changing ecosystems had destroyed the river island he loved, he began
to plant one tree at a time, bamboo then cotton. Now, lush forests and
abundant wildlife fill more than 1,300 acres. However, the man insists
the rebirth was not something he made happen. Acknowledging the
amazing way the natural world is designed, he marvels at how seeds are
carried to fertile ground by the wind. Birds and animals participate
in sowing them as well, and rivers also contribute in helping plants
and trees flourish.

Creation works in ways we can’t comprehend or control. According to
Jesus, this same principle applies to the kingdom of God. “This is
what the kingdom of God is like,” Jesus said. “A man scatters seed on
the ground . . . the seed sprouts and grows, though he does not know
how” (Mark 4:26–27). God brings life and healing into the world as
pure gifts, without our manipulation. We do whatever God asks us of
us, and then we watch life emerge. We know that everything flows from
His grace.

It’s tempting to believe we’re responsible to change someone’s heart
or ensure results for our faithful efforts. However, we need not live
under that exhausting pressure. God makes all our seeds grow. It’s all
grace.

By:  Winn Collier

Reflect & Pray

When are you tempted to think it’s your job to make things happen or
grow? Why is it vital for you to trust God’s grace rather than your
own effort?

God continues to grow His kingdom by His grace.
