http://odb.org/2012/10/02/be-content/

Be Content

I have learned in whatever state I am, to be content. —
Philippians 4:11

Today's Scripture: Philippians 4:10-20

Contentment is hard to attain. Even the apostle Paul, a hero of the
faith, had to learn to be content (Phil. 4:11). It was not a natural
character trait for him.

For Paul to write that he was content in every situation is truly
amazing. At the time of this writing, he was in jail in Rome. Charged
with sedition, treason, and other serious crimes, he had appealed to
the highest court: Caesar himself. Without other legal recourse and
friends in high places, he had to wait for his case to be heard. It
seems as if Paul had the right to be an impatient and unhappy person.
Instead, he wrote to the Philippians to say that he had learned to be
content.

How did he learn this? One step at a time until he could be satisfied
even in uncomfortable environments. He learned to accept whatever came
his way (v.12) and to receive with thanks whatever help fellow
Christians could give (vv.14-18). And most important, he recognized
that God was supplying all he needed (v.19).

Contentment is not natural for any of us. The competitive spirit in us
drives us to compare, to complain, and to covet. Few of us are in a
predicament such as Paul’s, but we all face difficulties in which we
can learn to trust God and be content.

By:  C. P. Hia

Reflect & Pray

O Lord, give me the grace to be Content with what You give to me. No,
more than that, let me rejoice In all You send, for it’s Your choice!
—Anon.

Contentment is not possessing everything but giving thanks for
everything you possess.
