http://odb.org/2015/11/06/he-trains-my-hands/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

He Trains My Hands

Praise be to the Lord my Rock, who trains my hands for war, my fingers
for battle.
Psalm 144:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: Exodus 4:10-17

When former NBA player David Wood was playing for Taugrés de Baskonia,
I was with him at a Spanish Basketball Cup final. Before one game, he
read Psalm 144:1: “Praise be to the Lord my Rock, who trains my hands
for war, my fingers for battle.” He turned to me and said, “You see?
It’s as if God has written this verse just for me! He trains my hands
to catch rebounds and my fingers to shoot!” David felt called to play
basketball and had learned that God takes us as we are and enables us
to do what He calls us to do.

We can easily dismiss ourselves as having little use to God because we
feel we have nothing to offer. When God appeared to Moses and assigned
him the task of telling the Israelites that He would deliver them from
the Egyptians (Ex. 3:16-17), Moses felt inadequate. He said to the
Lord, “I have never been eloquent . . . . I am slow of speech and
tongue” (4:10). Perhaps Moses had some kind of speech impediment, or
he was just afraid, but God overcame his inadequacy with His
sufficiency. God said, “Now go; I will help you speak and will teach
you what to say” (v. 12).

All God wants from us is to follow His plans. He will sort out the
rest. In His mighty hands, you can be a blessing to others.

By:  Jaime Fernández Garrido

Reflect & Pray

Here I am, Lord, ready to serve You in whatever way You desire. Lead
me. Dr. Jaime Fernández Garrido is director of the evangelical radio
and television program Born Again, author of various books, and
composer of more than 400 hymns and choruses.

God’s call to a task includes His strength to complete it.
