http://odb.org/2013/10/17/barrier-free-love/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Barrier-Free Love

O Jerusalem . . . ! How often I wanted to gather your children
together, as a hen gathers her chicks under her wings, but you were
not willing! —
Matthew 23:37

Today's Scripture: Matthew 23:37-39

Not long ago I heard the distressed chirping of a bird coming from the
side of my neighbor’s house. I discovered that a nest of baby birds
was inside a vent covered by a screen, placing a barrier between the
mother bird who was trying to feed her hungry chicks. After I told the
neighbors, they removed the screen and took the nest and chicks to a
safe place to be cared for.

Few things are as heartbreaking as a barrier to love. Christ, the
long-awaited Messiah of Israel, experienced a barrier to His love when
His chosen people rejected Him. He used the word picture of a hen and
her baby chicks to describe their unwillingness to receive it: “O
Jerusalem, Jerusalem . . . ! How often I wanted to gather your
children together, as a hen gathers her chicks under her wings, but
you were not willing!” (Matt. 23:37).

Our sin is a barrier that separates us from God (Isa. 59:2). But “God
so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, that whoever
believes in Him should not perish but have everlasting life” (John
3:16). Jesus took care of the barrier to God’s love by His sacrificial
death on the cross and His resurrection (Rom. 5:8-17; 8:11). Now He
longs for us to experience His love and accept this gift.

By:  Dennis Fisher

Reflect & Pray

My heart is stirred whene’er I think of Jesus, That blessed Name that
sets the captive free; The only Name through which I find salvation,
No name on earth has meant so much to me. —Eliason

Through His cross, Jesus rescues and redeems.
