https://odb.org/2018/07/11/strangers-welcoming-strangers/?utm_source=f
eedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily
+Bread%29

Strangers Welcome Strangers

When a foreigner resides among you in your land, do not mistreat them.
. . . Love them as yourself, for you were foreigners in Egypt.
Leviticus 19:33–34

Today's Scripture & Insight: Leviticus 19:1–9, 33–34

When my husband and I moved to Seattle to be near his sister, we
didn’t know where we would live or work. A local church helped us find
a place: a rental house with many bedrooms. We could live in one
bedroom, and rent the others to international students. For the next
three years, we were strangers welcoming strangers: sharing our home
and meals with people from all over the world. We and our housemates
also welcomed dozens of international students into our home every
Friday night for Bible study.

God’s people know what it means to be far from home. For several
hundred years, the Israelites were literal foreigners—and slaves—in
Egypt. In Leviticus 19, alongside familiar instructions like “Respect
your mother and father” and “Do not steal” (vv. 3, 11), God reminded
His people to empathetically care for foreigners, because they knew
what it was like to be foreigners and afraid (vv. 33–34).

While not all of us as followers of God today have experienced literal
exile, we all know how it feels to be “foreigners” on earth (1 Peter
2:11)—people who feel like outsiders because our ultimate allegiance
is to a heavenly kingdom. We are called to create a community of
hospitality—strangers welcoming strangers into God’s family. The
hospitable welcome my husband and I experienced in Seattle taught us
to extend welcome to others—and this is at the heart of being the
family of God (Romans 12:13).

By:  Amy Peterson

This article may not have a prayer section.




