http://odb.org/2010/08/23/starting-young/

Starting Young

My son, if you receive my words, and treasure my commands within you,
. . . you will understand the fear of the Lord. —
Proverbs 2:1

Today's Scripture: Proverbs 2

Addie was a bit worried. Before we all sat down for Sunday dinner,
someone had started eating. That’s when our 3-year-old granddaughter
said, “We haven’t prayed yet.” She was concerned that we might forget
to give thanks.

Her concern was a good sign. It showed that at her young age, Addie
was beginning to form one of those good habits that parents teach
their children as part of their instructions for life. This little
routine, for instance, helps her see the value of prayer and
thanksgiving, which can be a powerful resource for her in the years
ahead.

Raising children in an age of hostility toward the Christian faith is
not easy. Parents wonder how best to help their little ones learn to
trust the Savior and live to please Him. Proverbs indicates that a key
to directing children is through purposeful instruction by parents
(Prov. 1:8) on such things as listening to wisdom (2:2), seeking
discernment (2:3), understanding the fear of the Lord (2:5), recalling
parents’ teaching (3:1), and gaining insight (4:1). These become
habitual when parents give instruction and when children “retain”
those words of teaching (4:1-4).

Got kids or grandkids? It’s never too early to begin instructing them
in wise living.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

God gives us children for a time To teach them how to love the Lord,
To train them in His righteous ways, To follow and obey His Word.
—Sper

The character of your children tomorrow depends on what you put into
their hearts today.
