http://odb.org/2015/05/26/calming-the-storm/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Calming The Storm

He arose and rebuked the wind, and said to the sea, “Peace, be still!”
And the wind ceased and there was a great calm. —
Mark 4:39

Today's Scripture & Insight: Mark 4:35-41

While Hurricane Katrina headed toward the coast of Mississippi, a
retired pastor and his wife left their home and went to a shelter.
Their daughter pleaded with them to go to Atlanta where she could take
care of them, but the couple couldn’t get any money to make the trip
because the banks were closed. After the storm had passed, they
returned to their home to get a few belongings, and were able to
salvage only a few family photos floating in the water. Then, when the
man was taking his father’s photo out of its frame so it could dry,
$366 fell out—precisely the amount needed for two plane tickets to
Atlanta. They learned they could trust Jesus for what they needed.

For the disciples, trusting Jesus in a storm was the curriculum for
the day in the dramatic narrative of Mark 4:35-41. Jesus had
instructed His disciples to cross to the other side of the Sea of
Galilee and then He went to sleep in the boat. When a quick and
violent storm blew in, the disciples dripped as much with fear and
anxiety as water from the waves. They woke Jesus, saying, “Teacher,
don’t you care if we drown?” (v.38 niv). Jesus stood up and with three
words, “Peace, be still!” He muzzled the storm.

We all experience storms—persecutions, financial troubles, illnesses,
disappointments, loneliness—and Jesus does not always prevent them.
But He has promised never to leave us nor forsake us (Heb. 13:5). He
will keep us calm in the storm.

By:  Marvin Williams

Reflect & Pray

Are you in a storm? What do you know about God’s character that could
help bring calm to your heart?

In the storms of life, we can see the character of our God.
