https://odb.org/2017/09/19/the-best-portion-of-all/?utm_source=feedbur
ner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread
%29

The Best Portion of All

I have learned the secret of being content in any and every situation.
Philippians 4:12

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 73:21–28

“His piece is bigger than mine!”

When I was a boy my brothers and I would sometimes bicker about the
size of the piece of homemade pie mom served us. One day Dad observed
our antics with a lifted eyebrow, and smiled at Mom as he lifted his
plate: “Please just give me a piece as big as your heart.” My brothers
and I watched in stunned silence as Mom laughed and offered him the
largest portion of all.

If we focus on others’ possessions, jealousy too often results. Yet
God’s Word lifts our eyes to something of far greater worth than
earthly possessions. The psalmist writes, “You are my portion, Lord; I
have promised to obey your words. I have sought your face with all my
heart” (Ps. 119:57–58). Inspired by the Holy Spirit, the writer
conveyed the truth that nothing matters more than closeness to God.

What better portion could we have than our loving and limitless
Creator? Nothing on earth can compare with Him, and nothing can take
Him away from us. Human longing is an expansive void; one may have
“everything” in the world and still be miserable. But when God is our
source of happiness, we are truly content. There’s a space within us
only God can fill. He alone can give us the peace that matches our
hearts.

By:  James Banks

Reflect & Pray

Loving Lord, thank You that nothing and no one can meet my every need
like You can.

When we are His, He is ours, forever. You have made us for yourself,
Lord. Our hearts are restless until they can find rest in You.
Augustine of Hippo
