http://odb.org/2015/06/04/my-father-is-with-me/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

My Father Is with Me

You will be scattered, each to his own, and will leave Me alone. And
yet I am not alone, because the Father is with Me. —
John 16:32

Today's Scripture: Mark 14:32-50

A friend struggling with loneliness posted these words on her Facebook
page: “It’s not that I feel alone because I have no friends. I have
lots of friends. I know that I have people who can hold me and
reassure me and talk to me and care for me and think of me. But they
can’t be with me all the time—for all time.”

Jesus understands that kind of loneliness. I imagine that during His
earthly ministry He saw loneliness in the eyes of lepers and heard it
in the voices of the blind. But above all, He must have experienced it
when His close friends deserted Him (Mark 14:50).

However, as He foretold the disciples’ desertion, He also confessed
His unshaken confidence in His Father’s presence. He said to His
disciples: “[You] will leave Me alone. And yet I am not alone, because
the Father is with Me” (John 16:32). Shortly after Jesus said these
words, He took up the cross for us. He made it possible for you and me
to have a restored relationship with God and to be a member of His
family.

Being humans, we will all experience times of loneliness. But Jesus
helps us understand that we always have the presence of the Father
with us. God is omnipresent and eternal. Only He can be with us all
the time, for all time.

By:  Poh Fang Chia

Reflect & Pray

Heavenly Father, thank You for Your promise that You will never leave
me or forsake me. When I feel lonely, help me to remember You are
always with me.

If you know Jesus, you’ll never walk alone.
