http://odb.org/2013/05/07/we-can-trust-him/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

We Can Trust Him

Bless those who curse you, do good to those who hate you, and pray for
those who . . . persecute you. —
Matthew 5:44

Today's Scripture: Matthew 10:32-38

I know very little about persecution. My physical well-being has never
been threatened because of what I believe or what I say. What little I
“know” about the subject comes from what I hear and read. But that is
not true for many of our brothers and sisters around the world. Some
of them live in danger every day simply because they love Jesus and
want others to know Him too.

There is another form of persecution that may not be life-threatening,
but it is heartbreaking. It’s the persecution that comes from non-
Christian family members. When loved ones ridicule our faith and mock
us for what we believe and how we express our love for God, we feel
rejected and unloved.

Paul warned believers that following Jesus would result in
persecution: “All who desire to live godly in Christ Jesus will suffer
persecution” (2 Tim. 3:12), and we know that sometimes rejection will
come from those we love (Matt. 10:34-36). But when people we love
reject the God we love, the rejection feels personal.

Jesus told us to pray for those who persecute us (Matt. 5:44), and
that includes more than strangers who hate us. God is able to give us
grace to persevere through persecution even when it comes from those
we love.

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

Lord, give us grace to pray for those Who seek our harm and not our
good; And teach us how to show them love In ways that will be
understood. —Sper

People may mock our message but they can’t stop our prayers.
