http://odb.org/2015/07/26/a-devoted-heart/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Devoted Heart

He did what was right in the eyes of the Lord. —
2 Chronicles 20:32

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Chronicles 17:1-11

A successful Christian businessman shared his story with us at church.
He was candid about his struggles with faith and abundant wealth. He
declared, “Wealth scares me!”

He quoted Jesus’ statement, “It is easier for a camel to go through
the eye of a needle than for someone who is rich to enter the kingdom
of God” (Luke 18:25 niv). He cited Luke 16:19-31 about the rich man
and Lazarus and how in this story it was the rich man who went to
hell. The parable of the “rich fool” (Luke 12:16-21) disturbed him.

“But,” the businessman stated, “I’ve learned a lesson from Solomon’s
verdict on the abundance of wealth. It’s all ‘meaningless’ ” (Eccl.
2:11 niv). He determined not to let wealth get in the way of his
devotion to God. Rather, he wanted to serve God with his assets and
help the needy.

Throughout the centuries, God has blessed some people materially. We
read of Jehoshaphat in 2 Chronicles 17:5, “The Lord established the
kingdom . . . so that he had great wealth and honor.” He did not
become proud or bully others with his wealth. Instead, “his heart was
devoted to the ways of the Lord” (v. 6).  Also, “he followed the ways
of his father Asa and did not stray from them; he did what was right
in the eyes of the Lord” (20:32).

The Lord is not against wealth for He has blessed some with it—but
He’s definitely against the unethical acquisition and wrong use of it.
He is worthy of devotion from all His followers.

By:  Lawrence Darmani

Reflect & Pray

Giving thanks to God often helps us learn contentment with what we do
have. What are you thankful for?

Wealth or no wealth, devoted hearts please the Lord.
