http://odb.org/2015/07/04/the-cyrus-cylinder/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Cyrus Cylinder

The Lord stirred up the spirit of Cyrus king of Persia. —
Ezra 1:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ezra 1:1-4

In 1879, archaeologists discovered a remarkable little item in an area
now known as Iraq (biblical Babylon). Just 9 inches long, the Cyrus
Cylinder records something that King Cyrus of Persia did 2,500 years
ago. It says that Cyrus allowed a group of people to return to their
homeland and rebuild their “holy cities.”

It’s the same story told in Ezra 1. There we read that “the Lord
stirred up the spirit of Cyrus king of Persia” to make a proclamation
(v. 1). And in that proclamation, Cyrus said he was releasing the
captives in Babylon to go home to Jerusalem, re-establish their homes,
and rebuild their temple (vv. 2-5).

But there’s more to the story. Daniel confessed his sins and his
people’s sins and pleaded with God to end the Babylonian captivity
(Dan. 9). In response to Daniel’s prayer, God sent an angel to speak
to Daniel (v. 21). Later He moved Cyrus to release the Hebrews. (See
also Jer. 25:11-12; 39:10.)

Together, the Cyrus Cylinder and God’s Word combine to show us that
the king’s heart was changed and he allowed the exiled Hebrews to go
home and worship.

This story has great implications for us today. In a world that seems
out of control, we can rest assured that God can move the hearts of
leaders. We read in Proverbs 21:1 that “the king’s heart is in the
hand of the Lord.” And Romans 13:1 says that “there is no authority
except from God.”

The Lord, who is able to change our own hearts as well as the hearts
of our leaders, can be trusted for He is in control. Let’s ask Him to
work.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

Dear Father, the world so often seems out of control. We know You are
sovereign over everything. We pray that Your will be done in our
homeland and in the hearts of our leaders.

Rather than complain, pray.
