http://odb.org/2016/04/20/gods-way/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=f
eed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

God’s Way

They were to carry on their shoulders the holy things, for which they
were responsible.
Numbers 7:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: Numbers 7:1-9

We really needed to hear from God. Having been asked to foster two
young children as an emergency measure just for 3 months, a decision
had to be made about their future. With three older children of our
own, becoming foster parents to preschoolers didn’t seem to fit with
our life plan and having our family almost double in size had been
hard work. Our book of daily readings by the veteran missionary Amy
Carmichael directed us to some unfamiliar verses in Numbers 7.

“I wonder how the Kohathites felt?” Amy wrote. “All the other priests
had ox-carts to carry their parts of the tabernacle through the
desert. But the sons of Kohath had to trudge along the rocky tracks
and through the burning sand, with the ‘holy things for which they
were responsible’ on their shoulders. Did they ever grumble inwardly,
feeling that the other priests had an easier task? Perhaps! But God
knows that some things are too precious to be carried on ox-carts and
then He asks us to carry them on our shoulders.”

My husband and I knew this was our answer. We had often thought of
sponsoring a child from an undeveloped country, but we hadn’t done so.
That would have been easier, much like the ox-cart. Now we had two
needy children in our own home to carry “on our shoulders” because
they were so precious to Him.

God has different plans for each of us. We might feel that others have
an easier assignment, or a more glamorous role to play. But if our
loving Father has handpicked us for our task, who are we to whisper,
“I can’t do this”?

By:  Marion Stroud

This article may not have a prayer section.




