https://odb.org/2020/08/09/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Time-Traveling Letters

The life appeared; we have seen it and testify to it, and we proclaim
to you the eternal life, which was with the Father and has appeared to
us.
1 John 1:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 John 1:1–8

More than a million young people take part in the International
Letter-Writing Competition each year. In 2018, the theme of the
competition was this: “Imagine you are a letter traveling through
time. What message do you want to convey to your readers?”

In the Bible, we have a collection of letters that—thanks to the
inspiration and guidance of the Holy Spirit—have made their way
through time to us. As the Christian church grew, Jesus’ disciples
wrote to local churches across Europe and Asia Minor to help the
people understand their new life in Christ; many of those letters were
collected in the Bible we read today.

What did these letter-writers want to convey to readers? John
explains, in his first letter, that he’s writing about “that which was
from the beginning, which we have heard, which we have seen with our
eyes, which we have looked at and our hands have touched.” He’s
writing about his encounter with the living Christ (1 John 1:1). He
writes so that his readers may “have fellowship with” one another, and
with “the Father and with his Son, Jesus Christ” (v. 3). When we have
fellowship together, he writes, our joy will be complete (v. 4). The
letters in the Bible draw us into a fellowship that’s beyond
time—fellowship with the eternal God.

By:  Amy Peterson

Reflect & Pray

If God wrote a letter to you today, what would it say? If you wrote a
letter to a friend telling about how you’ve encountered the living
God, what would it say?

Thank You, Father, for the fellowship I have with You.
