http://odb.org/2016/05/21/gods-dwelling-place/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

God’s Dwelling Place

There will be no more death or mourning or crying or pain.
Revelation 21:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: Revelation 21:1-7

James Oglethorpe (1696–1785) was a British general and member of
Parliament who had a vision for a great city. Charged with settling
the state of Georgia in North America, he planned the city of Savannah
according to that vision. He designed a series of squares, each having
a green space and designated areas for churches and shops, with the
rest reserved for housing. The visionary thinking of Oglethorpe is
seen today in a beautiful, well-organized city that is considered a
jewel of the American South.

In Revelation 21, John received a vision of a different city—the New
Jerusalem. What he said of this city was less about its design and
more about the character of who was there. When John described our
eternal home, he wrote, “I heard a loud voice from the throne saying,
‘Look! God’s dwelling place is now among the people, and he will dwell
with them’” (v. 3). And because of who was there—God Himself—this
dwelling place would be notable for what was not there. Quoting from
Isaiah 25:8, John wrote, “He will wipe every tear from their eyes.
There will be no more death” (v. 4).

No more death! Nor will there be any more “mourning or crying or
pain.” All our sorrow will be replaced by the wonderful, healing
presence of the God of the universe. This is the home Jesus is
preparing for all who turn to Him for forgiveness.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Thank You, Father, that Your Son is preparing a place for us to live
with You. Thank You that it will be more than just a wonderful place.
It is where we will live with You and know You forever.

While You prepare a place for us, Lord, prepare us for that place.
