https://odb.org/2020/11/09/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Doing Our Role

Each of you should use whatever gift you have received to serve
others, as faithful stewards of God’s grace.
1 Peter 4:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Hebrews 6:9–12

When two of my grandchildren tried out for the musical Alice in
Wonderland Jr., their hearts were set on getting leading roles. Maggie
wanted to be young Alice, and Katie thought Mathilda would be a good
role. But they were chosen to be flowers. Not exactly a ticket to
Broadway.

Yet my daughter said the girls were “excited for their friends who got
the [leading roles]. Their joy seemed greater cheering for their
friends and sharing in their excitement.”

What a picture of how our interactions with each other in the body of
Christ should look! Every local church has what might be considered
key roles. But it also needs the flowers—the ones who do vital but
not-so-high-profile work. If others get roles we desire, may we choose
to encourage them even as we passionately fulfill the roles God has
given us.

In fact, helping and encouraging others is a way to show love for Him.
Hebrews 6:10 says, “[God] will not forget your work and the love you
have shown him as you have helped his people.” And no gift from His
hand is unimportant: “Each of you should use whatever gift you have
received to serve others, as faithful stewards of God’s grace” (1
Peter 4:10).

Imagine a church of encouragers diligently using their God-given gifts
to His honor (Hebrews 6:10). That makes for joy!

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

Do you know someone who received a position, task, or role you wanted,
yet could use your encouragement? Why is it good to thank God for the
tasks He’s given you in serving others?

Sovereign God, help me not to focus on the roles of other, but to
serve You in the sacred calling You’ve given me. Enable me to help
others by a word of encouragement for what they do for You.
