https://odb.org/2018/12/20/following-the-leader-2/?utm_source=feedburn
er&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%
29

Following the Leader

Whoever wants to be my disciple must deny themselves and take up their
cross daily and follow me.
Luke 9:23

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 9:21–24

In the sky over our house, three fighter jets scream through the
sky—flying in formation so close together they appear to be one.
“Wow,” I say to my husband, Dan. “Impressive,” he agrees. We live near
an Air Force base and it’s not unusual to see such sights.

Every time these jets fly over, however, I have the same question: How
can they fly so close together and not lose control? One obvious
reason, I learned, is humility. Trusting that the lead pilot is
traveling at precisely the correct speed and trajectory, the wing
pilots surrender any desire to switch directions or question their
leader’s path. Instead, they get in formation and closely follow. The
result? A more powerful team.

It’s no different for followers of Jesus. He says, “Whoever wants to
be my disciple must deny themselves and take up their cross daily and
follow me” (Luke 9:23).

His path was one of self-denial and suffering, which can be hard to
follow. But to be His effective disciples, we too are invited to put
aside selfish desires and pick up spiritual burdens daily—serving
others first instead of ourselves, for example—as we closely follow
Him.

It’s quite a sight, this humbling, close walk with God. Following His
lead, and staying so close, we can appear with Christ as one. Then
others won’t see us, they’ll see Him. There’s a simple word for what
that looks like: “Wow!”

By:  Patricia Raybon

Reflect & Pray

Please, God, draw us close to You. Fill us with Your Spirit of love
and joy and peace. Enable us to be a shining light in our world.

Our lives are a window through which others can see Jesus.
