https://odb.org/2017/05/19/prepare-the-child/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Prepare the Child

We will tell the next generation the praiseworthy deeds of the Lord,
his power, and the wonders he has done.
Psalm 78:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 78:1–8

A phrase on many parenting websites says, “Prepare the child for the
road, not the road for the child.” Instead of trying to remove all
obstacles and pave the way for the children in our life, we should
instead equip them to deal with the difficulties they encounter on the
road ahead.

The psalmist wrote, “We will tell the next generation the praiseworthy
deeds of the Lord, his power, and the wonders he has done. He decreed
statutes . . . , which he commanded our ancestors to teach their
children, so the next generation would know them . . . and they in
turn would tell their children” (Ps. 78:4–6). The goal is that “they
would put their trust in God and would not forget his deeds but would
keep his commands” (v. 7).

Think of the powerful spiritual impact others had on us through what
they said and how they lived. Their conversation and demonstration
captured our attention and kindled a fire in us to follow Jesus just
as they did.

It’s a wonderful privilege and responsibility to share God’s Word and
His plan for our lives with the next generation and the generations to
come. No matter what lies ahead on their road through life, we want
them to be prepared and equipped to face it in the strength of the
Lord.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Father in heaven, we seek Your wisdom and guidance to prepare the
children we know and love to walk with You in faith.

Through conversation and demonstration, help prepare children to
follow the Lord on the road ahead.
