https://odb.org/2018/12/09/steadfast-love/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Steadfast Love

Give thanks to the Lord, for he is good. His love endures forever.
Psalm 136:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 136:1–9

“I love you!” my dad called out as I slammed the car door and headed
into school. I was in sixth grade, and for months we had played out
basically the same scenario every morning. We arrived at school, Dad
said, “Have a great day! I love you!” and all I said was “Bye.” I
wasn’t angry with him or ignoring him. I was simply so wrapped up in
my own thoughts that I didn’t notice his words. Nevertheless, my dad’s
love remained steadfast.

God’s love is like that—and more. It endures forever. The Hebrew word
that expresses this steadfast kind of love is hesed. It’s used over
and over again in the Old Testament, and twenty-six times in Psalm 136
alone! No modern word can fully capture the meaning; we translate it
“kindness,” “loving-kindness,” “mercy,” or “loyalty.” Hesed is a love
that is based on covenant commitment; love that is loyal and faithful.
Even when God’s people sinned, He was faithful in loving them.
Steadfast love is an integral part of the character of God (Exodus
34:6).

When I was a child, I sometimes took my dad’s love for granted.
Sometimes now I do the same thing with my heavenly Father’s love. I
forget to listen to God and respond. I forget to be grateful. Yet I
know that God’s love for me remains steadfast—a reality that provides
a sure foundation for all of my life.

By:  Amy Peterson

Reflect & Pray

God, we praise You for Your steadfast love to us! Even when we’re
faithless, You’re faithful.

Take time to show the love of God to someone today.
