https://odb.org/2021/04/23/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Seeing with New Eyes

[Don’t look] to your own interests but each of you to the interests of
. . . others.
Philippians 2:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: Philippians 2:1–5

A video game, one that’s become a cultural phenomenon, places a
hundred players on a virtual island to compete until one player
remains. Whenever a player eliminates you from the contest, you can
continue to watch through that player’s vantage point. As one
journalist notes, “When you step into another player’s shoes and
inhabit their point of view, the emotional register . . . shifts from
self-preservation to . . . communal solidarity. . . . You begin to
feel invested in the stranger who, not too long ago, did you in.”

Transformation happens whenever we open ourselves to see another’s
experience, looking beyond our own vision and encountering another’s
pain, fear, or hopes. When we follow Jesus’ example and “do nothing
out of selfish ambition or vain conceit” and instead “in humility
value others above [our]selves,” then we notice things we would have
missed otherwise (Philippians 2:3). Our concerns broaden. We ask
different questions. Rather than being preoccupied with only our own
needs or angst, we become invested in others’ well-being. Rather than
looking to “[our] own interests,” we become committed “to the
interests of . . . others” (v. 4). Rather than protecting what we
assume we need to thrive, we joyfully pursue whatever helps others
flourish.

With this transformed vision, we gain compassion for others. We
discover new ways to love our family. We may even make a friend out of
an enemy!

By:  Winn Collier

Reflect & Pray

How can the Holy Spirit help you avoid becoming small, narrow, or
selfish? How do you think God’s inviting you to see others with new
eyes?

Jesus, too often what I see is only my fear, my pain, or my lack. Help
me to see my sisters and brothers. I want to truly see them and love
them.
