https://odb.org/2017/07/29/privileged-access/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Privileged Access

You have come . . . to the church of the firstborn.
Hebrews 12:22–23

Today's Scripture & Insight: Hebrews 12:18–24

Even though it was just a replica, the tabernacle set up in southern
Israel was awe-inspiring. Built life-size and as close as possible to
the specifications laid out in Exodus 25–27 (without actual gold and
acacia wood, of course), it stood tall in the Negev desert.

When our tour group was taken through the “Holy Place” and into the
“Most Holy Place” to see the “ark,” some of us actually hesitated.
Wasn’t this the holiest place, where only the high priest was allowed
to enter? How could we enter it so casually?

I can imagine how fearful the Israelites must have felt as they
approached the tent of meeting with their sacrifices each time,
knowing that they were coming into the presence of the Almighty God.
And the wonder they must have felt, whenever God had a message for
them, delivered through Moses.

Today, you and I can come straight to God with confidence, knowing
that Jesus’s sacrifice has torn down the barrier between us and God
(Heb. 12:22–23). Each of us can talk to God any time we want, and hear
from Him directly when we read His Word. We enjoy a direct access that
the Israelites could only dream of. May we never take it for granted
and cherish this awesome privilege of coming to the Father as His
beloved children every day.

By:  Leslie Koh

Reflect & Pray

Thank You, Father, for this wonderful privilege that Jesus has given
us, to be able to come before You knowing we have been forgiven and
cleansed by Christ's blood. May we never forget how big a sacrifice it
took.

Through prayer, we have instant access to our Father.
