https://odb.org/2020/12/23/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

No Glitz, Just Glory

Because your love is better than life, my lips will glorify you.
Psalm 63:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 53:1–9

Looking at the handmade Christmas ornaments my son, Xavier, crafted
over the years and the annual mismatched baubles Grandma had sent him,
I couldn’t figure out why I was not content with our decorations. I’d
always valued the creativity and memories each ornament represented.
So, why did the allure of the retail stores’ holiday displays tempt me
to desire a tree adorned with perfectly matched bulbs, shimmering
orbs, and satin ribbons?

As I began to turn away from our humble decor, I glimpsed a red,
heart-shaped ornament with a simple phrase scripted on it—Jesus, My
Savior. How could I have forgotten that my family and my hope in
Christ are the reasons I love celebrating Christmas? Our simple tree
looked nothing like the trees in the storefronts, but the love behind
every decoration made it beautiful.

Like our modest tree, the Messiah didn’t meet the world’s expectations
in any way (Isaiah 53:2). Jesus “was despised and rejected” (v. 3).
Yet, in an amazing display of love, He still chose to be “pierced for
our transgressions” (v. 5). He endured punishment, so we could enjoy
peace (v. 5). Nothing is more beautiful than that.

With renewed gratitude for our imperfect decorations and our perfect
Savior, I stopped longing for glitz and praised God for His glorious
love. Sparkling adornments could never match the beauty of His
sacrificial gift—Jesus.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

How can you make praising Jesus part of your Christmas celebration?
What does His sacrifice on the cross mean to you?

Loving God, please help me see the beautiful love reflected through
the magnitude of Your sacrifice.
