http://odb.org/2015/06/03/something-new/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Something New

We are His workmanship, created in Christ Jesus for good works, which
God prepared beforehand that we should walk in them. —
Ephesians 2:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ephesians 2:10-22

It was only scrap wood, but Charles Hooper saw much more than that.
Salvaging old timbers from a long-abandoned corncrib, he sketched some
simple plans. Then he felled a few oak and poplar trees from his
wooded property and painstakingly squared them with his grandfather’s
broadax. Piece by piece, he began to fit together the old lumber with
the new.

Today you can see Charles and Shirley Hooper’s postcard-perfect log
cabin, tucked away in the trees on Tennessee Ridge. Part guesthouse,
part museum for family heirlooms, the structure stands as an enduring
tribute to Charles’ vision, skill, and patience.

Writing to a Gentile audience, Paul told the church at Ephesus how
Jesus was creating something new by bringing together Jewish and non-
Jewish believers as a single entity. “You who once were far off have
been brought near by the blood of Christ,” Paul wrote (Eph. 2:13).
This new structure was “built on the foundation of the apostles and
prophets, Jesus Christ Himself being the chief cornerstone, in whom
the whole building, being fitted together, grows into a holy temple in
the Lord” (vv. 20-21).

The work continues today. God takes the brokenness of our lives,
artfully fits us together with other broken and rescued people, and
patiently chips away our rough edges. He loves His work, you know.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Lord, we can’t thank You enough for Your passionate love for us. Help
us to see that You bring us together in this beautiful body of
believers known as Your church.

Our rough edges must be chipped away to bring out the image of Christ.
