https://odb.org/2021/04/25/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Tree to Heal

Have you eaten from the tree that I commanded you not to eat from?
Genesis 3:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: Genesis 3:1–11

For $300,000, you can buy a new McLaren 720S sports car. The vehicle
comes with a V8 engine pumping 710 horsepower—considerably more than
you’ll need for your morning commute.

Of course, you might be tempted to use all that power. One Virginia
driver learned his McLaren was so “fast” it could go from an upscale
showroom to the scrap heap in just twenty-four hours! One day after
buying the car, he slammed it into a tree. (Thankfully, he survived.)

Just three chapters into the story of the Bible, we learn how a
different bad choice and a tree marred God’s good creation. Adam and
Eve ate from the one tree they were to leave alone (Genesis 3:11). The
story had barely begun, and paradise was cursed (vv. 14–19).

Another tree would play a role in undoing this curse—the cross Jesus
endured on our behalf. His death purchased our future with Him
(Deuteronomy 21:23; Galatians 3:13).

The story comes full circle in the Bible’s last chapter. There we read
of “the tree of life” growing beside the “river of the water of life”
(Revelation 22:1–2). As John describes it, this tree will be “for the
healing of the nations” (v. 2). And he assures us, “No longer will
there be any curse” (v. 3). God’s story comes with the happily-ever-
after we all long for.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

How do we already experience the reality of Jesus’ victory over sin
and death today? What do you think is an appropriate response to His
sacrifice for us?

Father, don’t let me forget the price it cost Your Son to undo the
curse we set in motion way back in the garden of Eden. All I can say
is thank You. All I can give You is my life.
