https://odb.org/2018/05/16/free-to-follow/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Free to Follow

Take my yoke upon you and learn from me, for I am gentle and humble in
heart, and you will find rest for your souls.
Matthew 11:29

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 11:25–30

My high school cross-country coach once advised me before a race,
“Don’t try to be in the lead. The leaders almost always burn out too
quickly.” Instead, he suggested I stay close behind the fastest
runners. By letting them set the pace, I could conserve the mental and
physical strength I’d need to finish the race well.

Leading can be exhausting; following can be freeing. Knowing this
improved my running, but it took me a lot longer to realize how this
applies to Christian discipleship. In my own life, I was prone to
think being a believer in Jesus meant trying really hard. By pursuing
my own exhausting expectations for what a Christian should be, I was
inadvertently missing the joy and freedom found in simply following
Him (John 8:32, 36).

But we weren’t meant to direct our own lives, and Jesus didn’t start a
self-improvement program. Instead, He promised that in seeking Him we
will find the rest we long for (Matthew 11:25–28). Unlike many other
religious teachers’ emphasis on rigorous study of Scripture or an
elaborate set of rules, Jesus taught that it’s simply through knowing
Him that we know God (v. 27). In seeking Him, we find our heavy
burdens lifted (vv. 28–30) and our lives transformed.

Because following Him, our gentle and humble Leader (v. 29), is never
burdensome—it’s the way of hope and healing. Resting in His love, we
are free.

By:  Monica La Rose

Reflect & Pray

Lord, I’m so thankful I don’t have to be in charge of my own life.
Help me rest in You.

True freedom is found in following Christ.
