http://odb.org/2015/06/29/rescuing-the-reluctant/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

Rescuing the Reluctant

The men took hold of his hand, . . . the Lord being merciful to him,
and they . . . set him outside the city. —
Genesis 19:16

Today's Scripture: Genesis 19:12-25

Many years ago during a water safety class, we were taught how to save
a drowning person who is resisting rescue. “Approach the person from
behind,” the instructor told us. “Place one arm across the person’s
chest and flailing arms, and swim toward safety. If you approach from
the front, the person may grab you and pull both of you down.” Panic
and fear can paralyze the ability to think and act wisely.

When two angels sent by God came to rescue Lot and his family from the
impending destruction of the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah (Gen.
19:12-13), they encountered resistance. Lot’s sons-in-law thought the
warning was a joke (v. 14). When the angels told Lot to hurry and
leave, he hesitated (v. 15). At that point, the two angels “took hold
of his hand, his wife’s hand, and the hands of his two daughters,” and
led them safely out of the city because God was merciful toward them
(v. 16).

When we reflect on our journey of faith in Christ, we can see God’s
faithfulness in overcoming our reluctance and resistance. When we
encounter people lashing out in spiritual desperation and fear, may we
have God’s wisdom to show His love to them—and to every person who is
reluctant to be rescued by Him.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Father, as I look at my own heart, I know I have resisted You and have
been reluctant at times to come to You. Thank You for Your mercy. Help
me to share with others who You are.

God’s mercy can overcome our resistance.
