https://odb.org/2017/10/14/held-by-god/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Held by God

I have calmed and quieted myself, I am like a weaned child with its
mother; like a weaned child I am content.
Psalm 131:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 131

As I was nearing the end of lunch with my sister and her children one
afternoon, my sister told my three-year-old niece, Annica, it was time
to get ready for her nap. Her face filled with alarm. “But Aunt Monica
did not hold me yet today!” she objected, tears filling her eyes. My
sister smiled. “Okay, she may hold you first—how long do you need?”
“Five minutes,” she replied.

As I held my niece, I was grateful for how, without even trying, she
constantly reminds me what it looks like to love and be loved. I think
sometimes we forget that our faith journey is one of learning to
experience love—God’s love—more fully than we can imagine (Eph. 3:18).
When we lose that focus, we can find ourselves, like the older brother
in Jesus’s parable of the prodigal son, trying desperately to win
God’s approval while missing out on all He has already given us (Luke
15:25–32).

Psalm 131 is one prayer in Scripture that can help us to “become like
little children” (Matt. 18:3) and to let go of the battle in our mind
over what we don’t understand (Ps. 131:1). Instead, through time with
Him we can return to a place of peace (v. 2), finding the hope we need
(v. 3) in His love—as calm and quiet as if we were children again in
our mothers’ arms (v. 2).

By:  Monica La Rose

Reflect & Pray

Lord, we are so grateful for those in our lives who remind us what it
means to love and be loved. Help us to be ever more deeply rooted in
Your love.

Like children, we can learn to rest in the love of God.
