https://odb.org/2017/10/16/room-5020/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium
=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Room 5020

You intended to harm me, but God intended it for good to accomplish
what is now being done.
Genesis 50:20

Today's Scripture & Insight: Genesis 50:15–20

Jay Bufton turned his hospital room into a lighthouse.

The fifty-two-year-old husband, father, high school teacher, and coach
was dying of cancer, but his room—Room 5020—became a beacon of hope
for friends, family, and hospital workers. Because of his joyful
attitude and strong faith, nurses wanted to be assigned to Jay. Some
even came to see him during off-hours.

Even as his once-athletic body was wasting away, he greeted anyone and
everyone with a smile and encouragement. One friend said, “Every time
I visited Jay he was upbeat, positive, and filled with hope. He was,
even while looking cancer and death in the face, living out his
faith.”

At Jay’s funeral, one speaker noted that Room 5020 had a special
meaning. He pointed to Genesis 50:20, in which Joseph says that
although his brothers sold him into slavery, God turned the tables and
accomplished something good: “the saving of many lives.” Cancer
invaded Jay’s life, but by recognizing God’s hand at work Jay could
say that “God intended it for good.” That’s why Jay could use even the
ravages of cancer as an open door to tell others about Jesus.

What a legacy of unwavering trust in our Savior even as death was
knocking at the door! What a testimony of confidence in our good and
trustworthy God!

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

Lord, difficult things come into our lives so often. Please help us to
trust You enough to see that nothing is beyond Your control. Help us
to tell of Your love even in the tough times.

By God’s grace, we can have our best witness in the worst of times.
