http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/odb/feed/~3/TQh51vbe2Fg/

The Price of Admission

All are justified freely by his grace through the redemption that came
by Christ Jesus.
Romans 3:24

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 3:21–26

Every year some two million people from all over the world visit St.
Paul’s Cathedral in London. It is well worth the admission fee to
experience the magnificent structure designed and built by Sir
Christopher Wren during the late 17th century. But tourism is
secondary at this place of Christian worship. A primary mission of the
cathedral is “to enable people in all their diversity to encounter the
transforming presence of God in Jesus Christ.” If you want to tour the
building and admire the architecture, you must pay an admission fee.
But there is no charge to enter and attend any of the daily worship
services at St. Paul’s.

How much does it cost to enter the kingdom of God? Entry is free
because Jesus Christ paid the price for us by His death. “All have
sinned and fall short of the glory of God, and all are justified
freely by his grace through the redemption that came by Christ Jesus”
(Rom. 3:23–24). When we acknowledge our spiritual need and accept by
faith God’s forgiveness for our sins, we have a new and everlasting
life in Him.

You can enter a new life today because, by His death on the cross and
His resurrection from the dead, Jesus has paid the price of admission!

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

You can invite Jesus into your life by praying something like this:
Dear Jesus, I believe that You died for my sins and rose from the
dead. I want to accept You as my Savior and follow You. Please forgive
my sins and help me, from this moment on, to live a life that is
pleasing to You.

Jesus paid the price so we can enter God’s kingdom.
