http://odb.org/2016/11/21/what-about-you/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

What About You?

The tongue has the power of life and death.
Proverbs 18:21

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ephesians 4:25–32

Emily listened as a group of friends talked about their Thanksgiving
traditions with family. “We go around the room and each one tells what
he or she is thankful to God for,” Gary said.

Another friend mentioned his family’s Thanksgiving meal and
prayertime. He recalled time with his dad before he had died: “Even
though Dad had dementia, his prayer of thanks to the Lord was clear.”
Randy shared, “My family has a special time of singing together on the
holiday. My grandma goes on and on and on!” Emily’s sadness and
jealousy grew as she thought of her own family, and she complained:
“Our traditions are to eat turkey, watch television, and never mention
anything about God or giving thanks.”

Right away Emily felt uneasy with her attitude. You are part of that
family. What would you like to do differently to change the day? she
asked herself. She decided she wanted to privately tell each person
she was thankful to the Lord that they were her sister, niece,
brother, or great-niece. When the day arrived, she expressed her
thankfulness for them one by one, and they all felt loved. It wasn’t
easy because it wasn’t normal conversation in her family, but she
experienced joy as she shared her love for each of them.

“Let everything you say be good and helpful,” wrote the apostle Paul,
“so that your words will be an encouragement to those who hear them”
(Eph. 4:29 nlt). Our words of thanks can remind others of their value
to us and to God.

By:  Anne Cetas

Reflect & Pray

Dear Lord, show me how I can be an encouragement to others with my
words.

The human spirit fills with hope at the sound of an encouraging word.
