http://odb.org/2012/01/26/the-land-of-and/

The Land Of And

We, according to His promise, look for new heavens and a new earth in
which righteousness dwells. —
2 Peter 3:13

Today's Scripture: Revelation 22:1-5

In a TV commercial I saw recently, the kids argued in the back seat of
the car about where to stop for dinner. One wanted pizza; another
chicken. Mom, in the front passenger seat, said, “No, we’ll stop for a
hamburger.”

Dad quickly solved the family disagreement with this idea: “We’ll stop
at the buffet restaurant, and you can each have what you want and all
you want.” The commercial closes with the words, “Take care of family
squabbles about what’s for dinner. Go to _____ Buffet, the ‘Land of
And.’”

When I saw that commercial, I thought of another “Land of And”:
heaven. It is a place that will have all we need. Foremost, we will be
in the very presence of Almighty God. In describing heaven, the
apostle John said, “The throne of God and of the Lamb shall be in it”
(Rev. 22:3). Our thirsty souls will be completely satisfied from the
“pure river of water of life” that proceeds from His throne (22:1),
for He says to His people, “I will give . . . freely to him who
thirsts” (21:6). Another “and” in this land will be the tree of life
for “the healing of the nations” (22:2). What we won’t find in this
Land of And are the curse (22:3), death, sorrow, and tears (21:4).

We’ll be completely satisfied in that Land of And. Are you ready to
go?

By:  Anne Cetas

Reflect & Pray

There is a land of pure delight, Where saints immortal reign; Infinite
day excludes the night, And pleasures banish pain. —Watts

Earth—the land of trials; heaven—the land of joys.
