http://odb.org/2015/11/11/crumbs-of-time/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Crumbs of Time

Three times a day he got down on his knees and prayed, giving thanks
to his God, just as he had done before.
Daniel 6:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Daniel 6:10-23

A friend was coming to town. He is a very busy man and his schedule
was tight, but after a difficult day in important meetings, he managed
to see my family for half an hour for a quick and late dinner. We
enjoyed his visit, but I remember looking at my plate and thinking,
“We only got the crumbs of his time.”

Then I remembered how many times God gets the crumbs of my
time—sometimes just the last minutes before I fall asleep.

Daniel was a busy man. He held a high government position in the
ancient kingdom of Babylon, and I’m sure he had a full schedule.
However, he had developed the habit of spending time with God—praying
three times a day, praising God, and thanking Him. This routine helped
him develop a strong faith that did not waver when he faced
persecution (Dan. 6).

God desires a relationship with us. In the morning we can invite Him
into our day, and then we can praise Him and ask Him for His help
throughout the day. At other times we can treasure some time alone
with Him and reflect on His faithfulness. As we spend time with God in
prayer and in His Word, we grow in our relationship with Him and learn
to become more and more like Him. As time with God becomes a priority,
we enjoy His company more and more.

By:  Keila Ochoa

Reflect & Pray

Dear Father, I want to have an intimate relationship with You. I
invite You to be part of my entire day—from the time I awake until I
go to sleep.

Those who hope in the Lord will renew their strength. Isaiah 40:31
