http://odb.org/2015/10/04/miracle-rain/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Miracle Rain

I am God, and there is no other.
Isaiah 46:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Kings 18:1,41-45

Life is hard for the villagers who live on a hilly terrain in the
Yunnan Province of China. Their main source of food is corn and rice.
But in May 2012 a severe drought hit the region and the crops
withered. Everyone was worried, and many superstitious practices were
carried out as the people attempted to end the drought. When nothing
worked, people started blaming the five Christians in the village for
offending the spirits of the ancestors.

These five believers gathered to pray. Before long, the sky darkened
and thunder was heard. A heavy downpour started and lasted the whole
afternoon and night. The crops were saved! While most of the villagers
did not believe God sent the rain, others did and desired to find out
more about Him and Jesus.

In 1 Kings 17 and 18 we read of a severe drought in Israel. But in
this case, we are told, it was a result of God’s judgment on His
people (17:1). They had begun to worship Baal, the god of the
Canaanites, believing that this deity could send the rain for their
crops. Then God, through His prophet Elijah, showed that He is the one
true God who determines when rain falls.

Our all-powerful God desires to hear our prayers and answer our pleas.
And though we do not always understand His timing or His purposes, God
always responds with His best for our lives.

By:  Poh Fang Chia

Reflect & Pray

In what ways have you seen God answer prayer in the past? What needs
do you have to bring before Him today? What do you want to thank Him
for? Share your comments at odb.org.

Through prayer, we draw upon the power of the infinite God.
