http://odb.org/2013/03/11/thankful-in-all-things/

Thankful In All Things

In everything give thanks. —
1 Thessalonians 5:18

Today's Scripture: 1 Thessalonians 5:12-22

My daughter is allergic to peanuts. Her sensitivity is so acute that
eating even the tiniest fragment of a peanut threatens her life. As a
result, we scrutinize food package labels. We carry a pre-filled
syringe of medicine (to treat allergic reactions) wherever we go. And,
when we eat out, we call ahead and quiz the wait staff about the
restaurant’s menu items.

Despite these precautions, I still feel concerned—both for her current
safety and for her future safety. This situation is not something I
would naturally be thankful about. Yet, God’s Word challenges: “In
everything give thanks; for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus
for you” (1 Thess. 5:18). There’s no getting around it. God wants us
to pray with thanksgiving when the future is uncertain, when
heartbreak hits, and when shortfalls come.

It’s hard to be grateful in difficulties, but it’s not impossible.
Daniel “prayed and gave thanks” (Dan. 6:10), knowing that his life was
in danger. Jonah called out “with the voice of thanksgiving” (Jonah
2:9) while inside a fish! These examples, coupled with God’s promise
that He will work all things together for our good and His glory (Rom.
8:28), can inspire us to be thankful in all things.

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

Thanks for roses by the wayside, Thanks for thorns their stems
contain. Thanks for homes and thanks for fireside Thanks for hope,
that sweet refrain! —Hultman

In all circumstances, we can give thanks that God has not left us on
our own.
