https://odb.org/2021/04/09/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Refuge for the Rejected

Have mercy on me, my God, have mercy on me, for in you I take refuge.
Psalm 57:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 57

George Whitefield (1714–1770) was one of the most gifted and effective
preachers in history, leading thousands to faith in Jesus. But his
life wasn’t without controversy. His practice of preaching outdoors
(to accommodate large crowds) was sometimes criticized by those who
questioned his motives and felt he should speak only within the four
walls of a church building. Whitefield’s epitaph sheds light on his
response to others’ harsh words: “I am content to wait till the Day of
Judgment for the clearing up of my character; and after I am dead, I
desire no other epitaph than this, ‘Here lies George Whitefield—what
sort of a man he was, the great day will discover.’ ”

In the Old Testament, when David faced harsh criticism from others, he
too entrusted himself to God. When Saul falsely accused David of
leading a rebellion and he was forced to hide from Saul’s approaching
army in a cave, David described being “in the midst of lions,” among
“men whose teeth are spears and arrows, whose tongues are sharp
swords” (Psalm 57:4). But even in that difficult place, he turned to
God and found comfort in Him: “For great is your love, reaching to the
heavens; your faithfulness reaches to the skies” (v. 10).

When others misunderstand or reject us, God is our “refuge” (v. 1).
May He be forever praised for His unfailing and merciful love!

By:  James Banks

Reflect & Pray

How does dwelling on God’s mercy help you when you’re discouraged? How
can you demonstrate His love to another?

Abba Father, I praise You that I can be accepted by You forever
because of Your Son. I take refuge in Your perfect love today.
