https://odb.org/2019/09/07/walking-backwards/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Walking Backward

Rather, [Jesus] made himself nothing.
Philippians 2:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: Philippians 2:1–11

I stumbled upon footage from a British newsreel crew who filmed six-
year-old Flannery O’Connor on her family farm in 1932. Flannery, who
would go on to become an acclaimed US writer, caught the crew’s
curiosity because she’d taught a chicken to walk backward. Apart from
the novelty of the feat, I thought this glimpse of history was a
perfect metaphor. Flannery, due to both her literary sensibilities and
her spiritual convictions, spent her thirty-nine years definitely
walking backward—thinking and writing in a counter-cultural way.
Publishers and readers were entirely baffled by how her biblical
themes ran counter to the religious views they expected.

A life that runs counter to the norm is inevitable for those who would
truly imitate Jesus. Philippians tells us that Jesus, though His “very
nature” was God, didn’t move in the predictable ways we would expect
(2:6). He didn’t use His power “to his own advantage,” but “rather, he
made himself nothing by taking the very nature of a servant” (vv.
6–7). Christ, the Lord of creation, surrendered to death for the sake
of love. He didn’t seize prestige but embraced humility. He didn’t
grab power but relinquished control. Jesus, in essence, walked
backward—counter to the power-driven ways of the world.

Scripture tells us to do the same (v. 5). Like Jesus, we serve rather
than dominate. We move toward humility rather than prominence. We give
rather than take. In Jesus’s power, we walk backward.

By:  Winn Collier

Reflect & Pray

How has Jesus demonstrated a way of walking backward in the world?
Where is God calling you to live out Christ’s humble example?

The only way to healing and goodness, the only way to move forward, is
to join Jesus in walking backward.
