https://odb.org/2017/05/17/living-with-lions/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Living With Lions

He is the living God and He endures forever.
Daniel 6:26

Today's Scripture & Insight: Daniel 6:19–28

When I visited a museum in Chicago, I saw one of the original Striding
Lions of Babylon. It was a large mural-type image of a winged lion
with a ferocious expression. Symbolizing Ishtar, the Babylonian
goddess of love and war, the lion was an example of 120 similar lions
that would have lined a Babylonian pathway during the years of
604–562 bc.

Historians say that after the Babylonians defeated Jerusalem, the
Hebrew captives would have seen these lions during their time in
Nebuchadnezzar’s kingdom. Historians also say it’s likely that some of
the Israelites would have believed Ishtar had defeated the God of
Israel.

Daniel, one of the Hebrew captives, did not share the doubts that
might have troubled some of his fellow Israelites. His view of God and
his commitment to God stayed steady. He prayed three times a day—with
his windows open—even when he knew it would mean entering a den of
lions. After God rescued Daniel from the hungry animals, King Darius
said, “[Daniel’s God] is the living God and he endures forever . . . .
He rescues and he saves” (Dan. 6:26–27). Daniel’s faithfulness allowed
him to influence Babylonian leaders.

Staying faithful to God despite pressure and discouragement can
inspire other people to give Him glory.

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

Dear God, give me the strength to continue to trust in You when I am
discouraged. Help me to experience Your never-ending love and stay
close to Your side.

Faithfulness to God inspires others.
