http://odb.org/2013/05/25/navigating-the-storm/

Navigating The Storm

He commands and raises the stormy wind, . . . and He brings them out
of their distresses. —
Psalm 107:25

Today's Scripture: Psalm 107:23-32

The ancient people of the nation of Axum (located on the Red Sea in
modern Ethiopia) discovered that the stormy winds of the monsoon
season could be harnessed by sail for speedy navigation. Rather than
dreading the high winds and rains, they learned how to navigate their
way through the storm.

Psalm 107 provides a wonderful word picture of how God allows storms
to come our way, and then provides help for us to navigate through
them. “He commands and raises the stormy wind, . . . and He brings
them out of their distresses” (Ps. 107:25,28).

Trusting God for guidance in troubled times is a biblical theme.
Hebrews 11 lists many who used their problems as an opportunity to
exercise faith and to experience God’s grace, provision, and
deliverance: “Who through faith subdued kingdoms, worked
righteousness, obtained promises, stopped the mouths of lions,
quenched the violence of fire, escaped the edge of the sword, [and]
out of weakness were made strong” (vv.33-34).

Stormy circumstances are inevitable. Although our first reaction may
be to run from the problem, we can instead ask God to teach us how to
trust Him to navigate us through the storm.

By:  Dennis Fisher

Reflect & Pray

When life feels like a storm-tossed sea With crashing waves of pain
and grief, Turn to the Lord and trust in Him, He’ll give you peace and
bring relief. —Sper

Better to go through the storm with Christ than to have smooth sailing
without Him.
