http://odb.org/2014/06/29/focus-on-the-process/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Focus On The Process

If these things are yours and abound, you will be neither barren nor
unfruitful in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ. —
2 Peter 1:8

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Peter 1:2-11

In William Zinsser’s book On Writing Well, he says that many writers
suffer from “the tyranny of the final product.” They are so concerned
with selling their article or book, they neglect learning the process
of how to think, plan, and organize. A jumbled manuscript, Zinsser
believes, is produced when “the writer, his eye on the finish line,
never gave enough thought to how to run the race.”

Author and minister A. W. Tozer applies that principle to our
spiritual lives. In his book The Root of the Righteous, Tozer
describes our tendency to be “concerned only with the fruit . . .
[and] ignore the root out of which the fruit sprang.”

The apostle Peter reminded first-century believers that Christlike
living and effective service result from a process. He urged them to
grow in eight areas of spiritual development: faith, virtue,
knowledge, self-control, perseverance, godliness, brotherly kindness,
and love (2 Peter 1:5-7). If you possess these qualities in increasing
measure, Peter said, “you will be neither barren nor unfruitful in the
knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ” (v.8).

God calls us to a wonderful process of learning to know Him, with the
assurance that it will lead to productive service in His name and for
His honor.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Lord, so often we want complete and perfect solutions here and now.
But You work graciously in Your good time. Let Your goodness and
patience and virtue shine through us so that we may bless others.

The Christian life is a process in which we learn complete dependence
on God.
