https://odb.org/2020/10/22/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Laundry Day

Go, then, to all peoples everywhere and make them my disciples.
Matthew 28:19

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 28:16–20

Driving through a low-income area near his church, Colorado pastor
Chad Graham started praying for his “neighbors.” When he noticed a
small laundromat, he stopped to take a look inside and found it filled
with customers. One asked Graham for a spare coin to operate the
clothes dryer. That small request inspired a weekly “Laundry Day”
sponsored by Graham’s church. Members donate coins and soap to the
laundromat, pray with customers, and support the owner of the laundry
facility.

Their neighborhood outreach, which dares to include a laundromat,
reflects Jesus’ Great Commission to His disciples. As He said, “I have
been given all authority in heaven and on earth. Go, then, to all
peoples everywhere and make them my disciples: baptize them in the
name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit” (Matthew 28:18–19
gnt ).

His Holy Spirit’s powerful presence enables “everywhere” outreach,
including even a laundromat. Indeed, we don’t go alone. As Jesus
promised, “I will be with you always, to the end of the age” (v. 20
gnt ).

Pastor Chad experienced that truth after praying at the laundromat for
a customer named Jeff who is battling cancer. As Chad reported, “When
we opened our eyes, every customer in the room was praying with us,
hands stretched out toward Jeff. It was one of the most sacred moments
I have experienced as a pastor.”

The lesson? Let’s go everywhere to proclaim Christ.

By:  Patricia Raybon

Reflect & Pray

Where can you go in your neighborhood today to proclaim Christ? How
could His powerful presence enable you?

Jesus, enable me to proclaim Your good news today—everywhere.
