http://odb.org/2016/06/19/abba-father/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_mediu
m=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Abba, Father

A father to the fatherless, a defender of widows, is God in his holy
dwelling.
Psalm 68:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 8:12–17

The scene belonged on a funny Father’s Day card. As a dad muscled a
lawn mower ahead of him with one hand, he expertly towed a child’s
wagon behind him with the other. In the wagon sat his three-year-old
daughter, delighted at the noisy tour of their yard. This might not be
the safest choice, but who says men can’t multitask?

If you had a good dad, a scene like that can invoke fantastic
memories. But for many, “Dad” is an incomplete concept. Where are we
to turn if our fathers are gone, or if they fail us, or even if they
wound us?

King David certainly had his shortcomings as a father, but he
understood the paternal nature of God. “A father to the fatherless,”
he wrote, “a defender of widows, is God in his holy dwelling. God sets
the lonely in families” (Ps. 68:5–6). The apostle Paul expanded on
that idea: “The Spirit you received brought about your adoption to
sonship.” Then, using the Aramaic word for father—a term young
children would use for their dad—Paul added, “By him we cry, ‘Abba,
Father’ ” (Rom. 8:15). This is the same word Jesus used when He prayed
in anguish to His Father the night He was betrayed (Mark 14:36).

What a privilege to come to God using the same intimate term for
“father” that Jesus used! Our Abba Father welcomes into His family
anyone who will turn to Him.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Heavenly Father, I want to be part of Your family. I believe that Your
only Son Jesus died for my sins. Please forgive me and help me live a
life that pleases You.

A good father reflects the love of the heavenly Father.
