https://odb.org/2019/04/29/gods-understanding/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Understanding Life’s Trials

To God belong wisdom and power; counsel and understanding are his.
Job 12:13

Today's Scripture & Insight: Job 12:13–25

My friend’s father received the dreaded diagnosis: cancer. Yet, during
the chemo treatment process, he became a believer in Jesus and his
disease eventually went into remission. He was cancer free for a
wonderful eighteen months, but it returned—worse than before. He and
his wife faced the reality of the returned cancer with concern and
questions but also with a faithful trust in God because of how He saw
them through the first time.

We won’t always understand why we’re going through trials. This was
certainly the case for Job, who faced horrendous and unexplainable
suffering and loss. Yet despite his many questions, in Job 12 he
declares that God is mighty: “What he tears down cannot be rebuilt”
(v. 14) and “to him belong strength and insight” (v. 16). “He makes
nations great, and destroys them” (v. 23). Throughout this extensive
list, Job doesn’t mention God’s motives or why He allows pain and
suffering. Job doesn’t have the answers. But still despite everything,
he confidently says, “to God belong wisdom and power; counsel and
understanding are his” (v. 13).

We may not understand why God allows certain struggles in our lives,
but like my friend’s parents, we can put our trust in Him. The Lord
loves us and has us in His hands (v. 10; 1 Peter 5:7). Wisdom, power,
and understanding are His!

By:  Julie Schwab

Reflect & Pray

What struggle are you going through? How does it help to know that God
is with you?

Lord, help me to trust You, even when I don’t understand what You’re
doing. Thank You that You hold me in Your loving hands.
