https://odb.org/2020/06/04/look-at-jesus/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

My Father’s Child

Anyone who has seen me has seen the Father.
John 14:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 14:8–14

They looked down at the faded photograph, then up at me, then over at
my father, then back at me, then back at my father. Their eyes were as
wide as the proverbial saucers. “Dad, you look just like Papa when he
was young!” My father and I grinned because this was something we’d
known for a long time, but it wasn’t until recently that my children
came to the same realization. While my father and I are different
people, in a very real sense to see me is to see my father as a
younger man: tall, lanky frame; full head of dark hair; prominent
nose; and rather large ears. No, I am not my father, but I am most
definitely my father’s son.

A follower of Jesus named Philip once asked, “Lord , show us the
Father” (John 14:8). And while it wasn’t the first time Jesus had
indicated as much, His response was still cause for pause: “Anyone who
has seen me has seen the Father” (v. 9). Unlike the physical
resemblances between my father and me, what Jesus says here is
revolutionary: “Don’t you believe that I am in the Father, and that
the Father is in me?” (v. 10). His very essence and character were the
same as His Father’s.

In that moment Jesus was being straightforward with His beloved
disciples and us: If you want to know what God is like, look at Me.

By:  John Blase

Reflect & Pray

What are some of the characteristics of Jesus (and the Father) that
resonate strongly with you, and why? How has He been molding your
character?

Jesus, when things seem overwhelming, remind me that to see You is to
see the Father. Help me keep my eyes fixed on You.
