https://odb.org/2020/02/27/unpredictable-2/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Unexpected Change

You do not even know what will happen tomorrow.
James 4:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: James 4:13–17

In January 1943, warm Chinook winds hit Spearfish, South Dakota,
quickly raising the temperatures from –4° to 45°F (–20° to 7°C). That
drastic weather change—a swing of 49 degrees—took place in just two
minutes. The widest temperature change recorded in the USA over a
twenty-four-hour period is an incredible 103 degrees! On January 15,
1972, Loma, Montana, saw the temperature jump from −54° to 49°F (–48°
to 9°C).

Sudden change, however, is not simply a weather phenomenon. It’s
sometimes the very nature of life. James reminds us, “Now listen, you
who say, ‘Today or tomorrow we will go to this or that city, spend a
year there, carry on business and make money.’ Why, you do not even
know what will happen tomorrow” (4:13–14). An unexpected loss. A
surprise diagnosis. A financial reversal. Sudden changes.

Life is a journey with many unpredictable elements. This is precisely
why James warns us to turn from “arrogant schemes” (v. 16) that do not
take the Almighty into account. As he advised us, “You ought to say,
‘If it is the Lord’s will, we will live and do this or that’ ” (v.
15). The events of our lives may be uncertain, but one thing is sure:
through all of life’s unexpected moments, our God will never leave us.
He’s our one constant throughout life.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

When facing sudden change, how do you respond? What do you think an
appropriate faith response to life’s surprises should look like?

Father, forgive me for the times I worry over things I couldn’t
anticipate or can’t control, and help me to find my rest in You.
