http://odb.org/2016/08/02/never-give-up-2/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Never Give Up!

I have fought the good fight, I have finished the race, I have kept
the faith.
2 Timothy 4:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Timothy 3:10–15

Joop Zoetemelk is known as the Netherlands’ most successful cyclist.
But that’s because he never gave up. He started and finished the Tour
de France 16 times—placing second five times before winning in 1980.
That’s perseverance!

Many winners have reached success by climbing a special ladder called
“never give up.” However, there are also many who have lost the
opportunity to achieve success because they gave up too soon. This can
happen in every area of life: family, education, friends, work,
service. Perseverance is a key to victory.

The apostle Paul persevered despite persecution and affliction (2 Tim.
3:10–11). He viewed life with realism, recognizing that as followers
of Christ we will suffer persecution (vv. 12–13), but he instructed
Timothy to place his faith in God and the encouragement of the
Scriptures (vv. 14–15). Doing so would help him face discouragement
and endure with hope. At the end of his life, Paul said, “I have
fought the good fight, I have finished the race, I have kept the
faith” (4:7).

We too can allow the Scriptures to strengthen us to press on in the
race marked out for us. For our God is both a promise-making and
promise-keeping God and will reward those who faithfully finish the
race (v. 8).

By:  Jaime Fernández Garrido

Reflect & Pray

Heavenly Father, give me strength of character and perseverance to
serve you better. Help me not to get discouraged when things get tough
but to rely on You to see me through.

Faith connects our weakness to God’s strength.
