https://odb.org/2018/12/13/the-hope-for-a-baby-tree/?utm_source=feedbu
rner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Brea
d%29

The “Hope for a Baby” Tree

His compassions never fail. They are new every morning; great is your
faithfulness.
Lamentations 3:22–23

Today's Scripture & Insight: Lamentations 3:1–3, 13–24

After wrapping the tree with clear twinkle lights, I tied pink and
blue bows on its branches and christened it our “Hope for a Baby”
Christmas tree. My husband and I had been waiting for a baby through
adoption for more than four years. Surely by Christmas!

Every morning I stopped at the tree and prayed, reminding myself of
God’s faithfulness. On December 21 we received the news: no baby by
Christmas. Devastated, I paused by the tree that had become a symbol
of God’s provision. Was God still faithful? Was I doing something
wrong?

At times, God’s apparent withholding results from His loving
discipline. And other times God lovingly delays to renew our trust. In
Lamentations, the prophet Jeremiah describes God’s correction of
Israel. The pain is palpable: “He pierced my heart with arrows from
his quiver” (3:13). Through it all, Jeremiah also expresses ultimate
trust in God’s faithfulness: “His compassions never fail. They are new
every morning; great is your faithfulness” (vv. 22–23).

I left the tree standing well beyond Christmas and continued my
morning prayer. At last, on Easter weekend, we received our baby girl.
God is always faithful, though not necessarily on our timeline nor
always according to our desires.

My children are now in their thirties, but each year I set up a
miniature version of the tree, reminding myself and others to hope in
God’s faithfulness.

By:  Elisa Morgan

Reflect & Pray

Dear God, help me trust You today even when I can’t see what You are
doing. You are faithful.

The best reason for hope is God’s faithfulness.
