https://odb.org/2019/01/16/sharing-more-than-stuff/?utm_source=feedbur
ner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread
%29

Sharing More Than Stuff

Your people will be my people and your God my God.
Ruth 1:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ruth 1:11–18

“But I don’t want to share!” wailed my youngest child, brokenhearted
that he would have to part with even one of his many LEGO pieces. I
rolled my eyes at his immaturity, but truthfully, this attitude is not
limited to children. How much of my own life, and really all of human
experience, is marked by a stubborn resistance to freely and
generously give to others?

As believers in Jesus, we’re called to share our very lives with one
another. Ruth did just that with her mother-in-law, Naomi. As a
destitute widow, Naomi had little to offer Ruth. And yet Ruth
connected her own life to her mother-in-law’s, vowing that they would
press on together and that not even death would separate them. She
said to Naomi, “Your people will be my people and your God my God”
(Ruth 1:16). She freely and generously gave to the older woman—showing
love and compassion.

While sharing our lives in this way can be difficult, we should
remember the fruit of such generosity. Ruth shared her life with
Naomi, but later she bore a son, the grandfather of King David. Jesus
shared His very life with us, but was then exalted and now reigns at
the right hand of the Father in heaven. As we generously share with
one another, we can be confident that we will experience greater life
still!

By:  Peter W. Chin

Reflect & Pray

Jesus, as we share our lives with others, may we reflect Your loving
heart. Welcome to Peter Chin! Meet all our authors at odb.org/all-
authors..

Sharing God’s love = caring for others.
