https://odb.org/2019/04/20/who-is-that/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Who Is That?

David said to Nathan, “I have sinned against the Lord.” Nathan
replied, “The Lord has taken away your sin.”
2 Samuel 12:13

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Samuel 12:1–14

When a man installed a security camera outside his house, he checked
the video feature to ensure that the system was working. He was
alarmed to see a broad-shouldered figure in dark clothing wandering
around his yard. He watched intently to see what the man would do. The
interloper seemed familiar, however. Finally he realized he wasn’t
watching a stranger roam his property, but a recording of himself in
his own backyard!

What might we see if we could step out of our skin and observe
ourselves in certain situations? When David’s heart was hardened and
he needed an outside perspective—a godly perspective—on his
involvement with Bathsheba, God sent Nathan to the rescue (2 Samuel
12).

Nathan told David a story about a rich man who robbed a poor man of
his only lamb. Though the rich man owned herds of animals, he
slaughtered the poor man’s lone sheep and made it into a meal. When
Nathan revealed that the story illustrated David’s actions, David saw
how he had harmed Uriah. Nathan explained the consequences, but more
important he assured David, “The Lord has taken away your sin” (v.
13).

If God reveals sin in our lives, His ultimate purpose isn’t to condemn
us, but to restore us and to help us reconcile with those we’ve hurt.
Repentance clears the way for renewed closeness with God through the
power of His forgiveness and grace.

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

What sin(s) do you need to bring to God today in repentance? How does
His grace encourage you to come before Him in honesty?

God, help me to see my life the way You see it and experience Your
grace.
