https://odb.org/2019/01/04/walking-in-the-light/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Walking in the Light

In him was life, and that life was the light of all mankind.
John 1:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: Hebrews 12:18–24

Darkness descended on our forest village when the moon disappeared.
Lightning slashed the skies, followed by a rainstorm and crackling
thunder. Awake and afraid, as a child I imagined all kinds of grisly
monsters about to pounce on me! By daybreak, however, the sounds
vanished, the sun rose, and calm returned as birds jubilated in the
sunshine. The contrast between the frightening darkness of the night
and the joy of the daylight was remarkably sharp.

The author of Hebrews recalls the time when the Israelites had an
experience at Mount Sinai so dark and stormy they hid in fear (Exodus
20:18–19). For them, God’s presence, even in His loving gift of the
law, felt dark and terrifying. This was because, as sinful people, the
Israelites couldn’t live up to God’s standards. Their sin caused them
to walk in darkness and fear (Hebrews 12:18–21).

But God is light; in Him there’s no darkness at all (1 John 1:5). In
Hebrews 12, Mount Sinai represents God’s holiness and our old life of
disobedience, while the beauty of Mount Zion represents God’s grace
and believers’ new life in Jesus, “the mediator of a new covenant”
(vv. 22–24).

Whoever follows Jesus will “never walk in darkness, but will have the
light of life” (John 8:12). Through Him, we can let go of the darkness
of our old life and celebrate the joy of walking in the light and
beauty of His kingdom.

By:  Lawrence Darmani

Reflect & Pray

If you’re a believer in Jesus, how has your life changed since He came
into it? What are some ways you’d like to grow in your faith?

Thank You, Lord Jesus, for bringing me out of darkness into Your
marvelous light. Help me to avoid the darkness to continue walking in
the light toward eternity.
