https://odb.org/2020/10/02/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

He Won’t Let Us Go

I give them eternal life, and they shall never perish; no one will
snatch them out of my hand.
John 10:28

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 10:22–30

Julio was biking across the George Washington Bridge—a busy, double-
decked thoroughfare connecting New York City and New Jersey—when he
encountered a life-or-death situation. A man was standing on a ledge
over the Hudson River preparing to jump. Knowing that the police
wouldn’t arrive in time, Julio acted quickly. He recalls getting off
his bike and spreading out his arms, saying something like: “Don’t do
it. We love you.” Then, like a shepherd with a crook, he grabbed the
distraught man, and with the help of another passerby, brought him to
safety. According to reports, Julio wouldn’t let go of the man, even
after he was safe.

Two millennia earlier, in a life-or-death situation, Jesus, the Good
Shepherd, said He would lay down His life to save and never let go of
those who believed in Him. He summarized how He would bless His sheep:
they would know Him personally, have the gift of eternal life, would
never perish, and would be secure in His care. This security didn’t
depend on the ability of the frail and feeble sheep, but on the
sufficiency of the Shepherd who’ll never let one be snatched “out of
[His] hand” (John 10:28–29).

When we were distraught and feeling hopeless, Jesus rescued us; now we
can feel safe and secure in our relationship with Him. He loves us,
pursues us, finds us, saves us, and promises to never let us go.

By:  Marvin Williams

Reflect & Pray

What makes you feel insecure in your relationship with Jesus? How
do you feel knowing that your security in Him depends on His
sufficiency and not your weakness?

Jesus, when I let go of You because of my sin, You never let go of me
because of Your grace. To learn more about Jesus’ offer of salvation
and His resurrection, visit ChristianUniversity.org/CA206.
