https://odb.org/2021/01/15/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

All Roads?

Jesus answered, “I am the way and the truth and the life.”
John 14:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 14:1–7

“Don’t get on the expressway!” That text came from my daughter one day
as I was leaving work. The highway home had become a virtual parking
lot. I began trying alternate routes, but after experiencing gridlock
on other roads, I gave up. The trip home would have to wait till later
in the day, so I drove in the opposite direction to an athletic event
my granddaughter was involved in.

Discovering that no roads would lead me home made me think about
people who say that all roads lead to an eternal relationship with
God. Some believe the road of kindness and good behavior will get you
there. Others choose the road of doing religious things.

Relying on those roads, however, leads to a dead end. There’s only one
road to take to God’s eternal presence. Jesus clarified this when He
said, “I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the
Father except through me” (John 14:6). He was revealing that He was
going to die to open the way for us to enter His Father’s house—to His
presence and the real life He provides for today and eternity.

Skip the blocked highways that don’t lead to God’s presence. Instead,
trust Jesus as Savior, for “whoever believes in the Son has eternal
life” (3:36). And for those who already believe in Him, rest in the
way He’s provided.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

Why is it vital to know that only Jesus can save us? Why are we prone
to try to add to what it takes to be welcomed into His family?

Dear God, I want to trust You for eternity. Thank You for the
salvation found in Jesus alone. Read about the difference between
relationship with Jesus and religion at DiscoverySeries.org/Q0215.
