https://odb.org/2020/09/24/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Never Too Sinful

You are a forgiving God . . . abounding in love.
Nehemiah 9:17

Today's Scripture & Insight: Nehemiah 9:17, 27–31

“If I touched a Bible, it would catch fire in my hands,” said my
community college English professor. My heart sank. The novel we’d
been reading that morning referenced a Bible verse, and when I pulled
out my Bible to look it up, she noticed and commented. My professor
seemed to think she was too sinful to be forgiven. Yet I wasn’t bold
enough to tell her about God’s love—and that the Bible tells us we can
always seek God’s forgiveness.

There’s an example of repentance and forgiveness in Nehemiah. The
Israelites had been exiled because of their sin, but now they were
allowed to return to Jerusalem. When they’d “settled in,” Ezra the
scribe read the law to them (Nehemiah 7:73–8:3). They confessed their
sins, remembering that despite their sin God “did not desert” or
“abandon them” (9:17, 19). He “heard them” when they cried out; and in
compassion and mercy, He was patient with them (vv. 27–31).

In a similar way, God is patient with us. He won’t abandon us if we
choose to confess our sin and turn to Him. I wish I could go back and
tell my professor that, no matter her past, Jesus loves her and wants
her to be part of His family. He feels the same way about you and me.
We can approach Him seeking forgiveness—and He will give it!

By:  Julie Schwab

Reflect & Pray

Do you know someone who feels they’re too sinful for Jesus to forgive
them? How does the truth that Jesus has come not for “the righteous,
but sinners” (Mark 2:17) speak to this way of thinking?

Dear Father, thank You for forgiving my sins and for Your assurance
that no one is too sinful to be forgiven. To learn more about
forgiveness in the Christian life, visit
ChristianUniversity.org/SF107.
