http://odb.org/2014/08/07/difficult-people-2/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Difficult People

Walk worthy of the calling with which you were called . . . bearing
with one another in love. —
Ephesians 4:1-2

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ephesians 4:1-12

In the book God in the Dock, author C. S. Lewis describes the kind of
people we have trouble getting along with. Selfishness, anger,
jealousy, or other quirks often sabotage our relationship with them.
We sometimes think, Life would be much easier if we didn’t have to
contend with such difficult people.

Lewis then turns the tables on us by pointing out that these
frustrations are what God has to endure with each of us every day. He
writes: “You are just that sort of person. You also have a fatal flaw
in your character. All the hopes and plans of others have again and
again shipwrecked on your character just as your hopes and plans have
shipwrecked on theirs.” This self-awareness should motivate us to try
to show the same patience and acceptance to others that God shows to
us daily.

In Ephesians, Paul exhorts us to arm ourselves relationally “with all
lowliness and gentleness, with longsuffering, bearing with one another
in love” (4:2). The one who is patient is better able to deal with a
difficult person without becoming provoked to anger and retaliation.
Instead, he or she is able to endure, exhibiting grace in spite of
upsetting behavior.

Are there difficult people in your life? Ask God to show His love
through you.

By:  Dennis Fisher

Reflect & Pray

Some people can be difficult to love, And so we do not even try to
care; But God says, “Love them just as I’ve loved you— You’ll bring Me
glory as My love you share.” —Cetas

See others as God sees you.
