http://odb.org/2015/09/25/first-steps/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_mediu
m=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

First Steps

The Spirit himself testifies with our spirit that we are God’s
children.
Romans 8:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 8:14-17

A friend stopped me the other day with some exciting news and then
spent 10 minutes describing for me the first steps of her 1-year-old
nephew. He could walk! Later I realized how bizarre we might have
sounded to an eavesdropper. Most people can walk. What was the big
deal?

It struck me that childhood provides a quality of specialness that
nearly vanishes for the rest of life. Thinking about our treatment of
children gave me further appreciation for the fact that God chooses
the word picture of “children” to describe our relationship with Him.
The New Testament announces that we are God’s children, with all the
rights and privileges of worthy heirs (Rom. 8:16-17). Jesus (the “one
and only” Son of God) came, we’re told, to make possible our adoption
as sons and daughters in God’s family.

I imagine God views each halting step forward in my spiritual “walk”
with the eagerness of a parent watching a child take that very first
step.

Perhaps when the secrets of the universe are finally revealed, we will
learn an underlying purpose of watching children grow. It may be that
God has granted us these times of specialness to awaken us to His
infinite love. Of the fullness of that love, our experiences here on
earth are mere glimpses.

By:  Philip Yancey

Reflect & Pray

Loving heavenly Father, increase our awareness of Your love for us and
Your delight in us so we can show the world the difference You make in
our lives.

You are loved.
