https://odb.org/2018/07/27/lavish-expressions-of-love/?utm_source=feed
burner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Br
ead%29

Lavish Expressions of Love

You will be enriched in every way so that you can be generous on every
occasion.
2 Corinthians 9:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Corinthians 9:6–15

On our wedding anniversary, my husband, Alan, gives me a large bouquet
of fresh flowers. When he lost his job during a corporate restructure,
I didn’t expect this extravagant display of devotion to continue. But
on our nineteenth anniversary, the color-splashed blossoms greeted me
from their spot on our dining room table. Because he valued continuing
this annual tradition, Alan saved some money each month to ensure he’d
have enough for this personal show of affection.

My husband’s careful planning exhibited exuberant generosity, similar
to what Paul encouraged when he addressed the Corinthian believers.
The apostle complimented the church for their intentional and
enthusiastic offerings (2 Corinthians 9:2, 5), reminding them that God
delights in generous and cheerful givers (vv. 6–7). After all, no one
gives more than our loving Provider, who’s always ready to supply all
we need (vv. 8–10).

We can be generous in all kinds of giving, caring for one another
because the Lord meets all of our material, emotional, and spiritual
needs (v. 11). As we give, we can express our gratitude for all
God has given us. We can even motivate others to praise the Lord and
give from all God has given them (vv. 12–13). Openhanded giving, a
lavish expression of love and gratitude, can demonstrate our
confidence in God’s provision for all His people.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

Lord, please help us trust Your abundant love and generosity, so we
can give to others as You so faithfully give to us.

Generous giving displays courageous confidence in God’s loving and
faithful provision.
