https://odb.org/2017/05/23/defending-god/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Defending God

A gentle answer turns away wrath, but a harsh word stirs up anger.
Proverbs 15:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 9:51–56

The anti-God bumper stickers covering the car seized the attention of
a university professor. As a former atheist himself, the professor
thought perhaps the owner wanted to make believers angry. “The anger
helps the atheist to justify his atheism,” he explained. Then he
warned, “All too often, the atheist gets exactly what he is looking
for.”

In recalling his own journey to faith, this professor noted the
concern of a Christian friend who invited him to consider the truth of
Christ. His friend’s “sense of urgency was conveyed without a trace of
anger.” He never forgot the genuine respect and grace he received that
day.

Believers in Jesus often take offense when others reject Him. But how
does He feel about that rejection? Jesus constantly faced threats and
hatred, yet He never took doubt about His deity personally. Once, when
a village refused Him hospitality, James and John wanted instant
retaliation. “Lord,” they asked, “do you want us to call fire down
from heaven to destroy them?” (Luke 9:54). Jesus didn’t want that, and
He “turned and rebuked them” (v. 55). After all, “God did not send his
Son into the world to condemn the world, but to save the world through
him” (John 3:17).

It may surprise us to consider that God doesn’t need us to defend Him.
He wants us to represent Him! That takes time, work, restraint, and
love.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Lord, when we are confronted with hate, help us not to be haters but
to respond as Your Son did: “Father, forgive them, for they do not
know what they are doing.” (Luke 23:34)

The best way to defend Jesus is to live like Him.
