http://odb.org/2015/10/28/where-is-my-focus-2/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Where Is My Focus?

You suffered along with those in prison and joyfully accepted the
confiscation of your property, because you knew that you yourselves
had better and lasting possessions.
Hebrews 10:34

Today's Scripture & Insight: Hebrews 10:32-39

Early in September 2011, a raging wildfire destroyed 600 homes in and
around the city of Bastrop in central Texas. A few weeks later an
article in the Austin American-Statesman newspaper carried this
headline: “People who lost the most, focus on what wasn’t lost.” The
article described the community’s outpouring of generosity and the
realization of those who received help that neighbors, friends, and
community were worth far more than anything they lost.

The writer of Hebrews reminded first-century followers of Jesus to
recall how they had bravely endured persecution early in their life of
faith. They stood their ground in the face of insults and oppression,
standing side by side with other believers (Heb. 10:32-33). “You
suffered along with those in prison and joyfully accepted the
confiscation of your property, because you knew that you yourselves
had better and lasting possessions” (v. 34). Their focus was not on
what they had lost but on eternal things that could not be taken from
them.

Jesus told His followers, “Where your treasure is, there your heart
will be also” (Matt. 6:21). As we focus on the Lord and all that we
have in Him, even our most precious possessions can be held lightly.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Lord, open our eyes to see You and to embrace what is most important
each day. Share this prayer from our Facebook page with your friends.
facebook.com/ourdailybread

Where is your focus today?
