http://odb.org/2012/07/11/sweet-slumber/

Sweet Slumber

I will both lie down in peace, and sleep; for You alone, O Lord, make
me dwell in safety. —
Psalm 4:8

Today's Scripture: Leviticus 26:1-12

Photographer Anne Geddes has made an art form out of taking pictures
of sleeping babies. Her photos evoke smiles. Nothing is a better image
of peace than a sleeping child.

But between naps and nighttime, caring for children is an exhausting
and relentless responsibility. In their innocence and enthusiasm,
children can get themselves into life-threatening situations in no
time. After a hectic day of chasing, entertaining, protecting,
feeding, dressing, guarding, guiding, and making peace between
squabbling siblings, parents are eager for bedtime. After the toys are
put away and the pajamas are put on, the sleepy toddler slows down,
cuddles with mom or dad for a bedtime story, and finally falls asleep.
Later, before putting themselves to bed, parents check on their
children one more time to make sure all is peaceful in dreamland. The
serene beauty of a sleeping child makes all the day’s frustrations
worthwhile.

Scripture indicates that God’s ideal condition for His children is
peace (Lev. 26:6), but too often in our immaturity we get into trouble
and cause conflict. Like parents of young children, God desires for us
to become weary of wrongdoing and to rest in the safety and
contentment of His loving ways.

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

Lord, help me not to squabble and cause friction with others about
unimportant matters. May I instead find rest in Your love and wisdom,
and seek peace. Amen.

In His will is our peace. —Dante
