http://odb.org/2012/01/06/longing-for-home/

Longing For Home

I am hard pressed between the two, having a desire to depart and be
with Christ, which is far better. —
Philippians 1:23

Today's Scripture: Philippians 1:21-30

When our son Stephen was a youngster, he went away for a week at a
Christian summer camp. Later that week, we got a letter from him that
was addressed to “Mom and Dad Crowder” and simply said, “Please come
and take me home today.” What his child’s mind couldn’t comprehend, of
course, was that it would be days before we got his letter and more
time before we could come for him. All his young heart knew was that
he longed for home and for Mom and Dad—and that can be tough for a
child.

Sometimes we can be like Stephen as we think about this world. It’s
easy to think longingly about being with Jesus and begin to wish we
could go to our “eternal home” (Eccl. 12:5) where we will “be with
Christ” (Phil. 1:23). As God’s children (John 1:12), we know that this
world will never truly be home to us. Like the apostle Paul, we
especially feel that way when the struggles of life are hard. While in
Rome awaiting trial, Paul wrote, “I am hard pressed between the two,
having a desire to depart and be with Christ, which is far better”
(Phil. 1:23). He loved serving Christ, but a part of him longed to be
with the Savior.

It’s comforting to know that we can think ahead to being with Jesus—in
a home that is far better.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

To see His face, this is my goal; The deepest longing of my soul;
Through storm and stress my path I’ll trace Till, satisfied, I see His
face! —Chisholm

There is no place like home—especially when home is heaven.
