http://odb.org/2014/10/17/from-peeker-to-seeker/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

From Peeker To Seeker

I cried out to the Lord because of my affliction, and He answered me.
—
Jonah 2:2

Today's Scripture: Jonah 1:1–2:2

When our daughter was too young to walk or crawl, she created a way to
hide from people when she wanted to be left alone or wanted her own
way. She simply closed her eyes. Kathryn reasoned that anyone she
couldn’t see also couldn’t see her. She used this tactic in her car
seat when someone new tried to say hello; she used it in her highchair
when she didn’t like the food; she even used it when we announced it
was bedtime.

Jonah had a more grown-up strategy of hiding, but it wasn’t any more
effective than our daughter’s. When God asked him to do something he
didn’t want to do, he ran in the opposite direction. But he found out
pretty quickly there is no place God couldn’t find him. In fact,
Scripture is full of stories of God finding people when they didn’t
necessarily want to be found (Ex. 2:11–3:6; 1 Kings 19:1-7; Acts
9:1-19).

Maybe you have tried to hide from God, or maybe you think even God
can’t see you. Please know this: If God sees and hears the prayer of a
rebellious prophet in the belly of a big fish, then He sees and hears
you wherever you are, whatever you’ve done. But that’s nothing to be
afraid of. It’s actually a great comfort. He’s always there, and He
cares!

By:  Randy Kilgore

Reflect & Pray

Thank You, God, that You are there for us. We hear Your words: “You
will seek Me and find Me, when you search for Me with all your heart”
(Jer. 29:13).

We need not fear the troubles around us as long as the eye of the Lord
is on us.
