http://odb.org/2015/05/20/guard-your-focus/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Guard Your Focus

Looking unto Jesus, the author and finisher of our faith. —
Hebrews 12:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Corinthians 3:1-9

“That’s my disciple,” I once heard a woman say about someone she was
helping. As followers of Christ we are all tasked with making
disciples—sharing the good news of Christ with people and helping them
grow spiritually. But it can be easy to focus on ourselves instead of
Jesus.

The apostle Paul was concerned that the Corinthian church was losing
its focus on Christ. The two best-known preachers in those days were
Paul and Apollos. The church was divided: “I follow Paul.” “Well, I
follow Apollos!” They had begun focusing on the wrong person,
following the teachers rather than the Savior. But Paul corrected
them. We are “God’s fellow workers.” It doesn’t matter who plants and
who waters, for only God can give the growth. Christians are “God’s
field, God’s building” (1 Cor. 3:6-9). The Corinthian believers didn’t
belong to Paul nor to Apollos.

Jesus tells us to go and make disciples and to teach them about Him
(Matt. 28:20). And the author of the book of Hebrews reminds us to
focus on the Author and Finisher of our faith (12:2). Christ will be
honored when we focus on Him; He is superior to any human being and He
will meet our needs.

By:  C. P. Hia

Reflect & Pray

Father, I confess that it is easy to shift my focus from You to less
important things. Thank You for putting people in my life that help
point me to You. Help me point others to You in a way that makes You
more and me less.

Put Jesus first.
