https://odb.org/2017/08/07/life-to-the-full/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Life to the Full

I have come that they may have life, and have it to the full.
John 10:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Mark 10:28–31; John 10:9–10

When I stopped by to visit my sister’s family, my nephews eagerly
showed me their new chore system, a set of Choropoly boards. Each
colorful electronic board keeps track of their chores. A job well done
means the kids can hit a green button, which adds points to their
“spending” account. A misdeed like leaving the back door open results
in a fine being deducted from the total. Since a high-points total
leads to exciting rewards such as computer time—and misdeeds deduct
from that total—my nephews are now unusually motivated to do their
work and to keep the door closed!

The ingenious system had me joking that I wished I had such an
exciting motivational tool! But of course God has given us motivation.
Rather than simply commanding obedience, Jesus has promised that a
life of following Him, while costly, is also a life of abundance,
“life . . . to the full” (John 10:10). Experiencing life in His
kingdom is worth “one hundred times” the cost—now and eternally (Mark
10:29–30).

We can rejoice in the fact that we serve a generous God, One who does
not reward and punish as we deserve. He generously accepts our weakest
efforts—even welcoming and rewarding latecomers to His kingdom as
generously as old-timers (see Matt. 20:1–16). In light of this
reality, let us joyfully serve Him today.

By:  Monica La Rose

Reflect & Pray

Lord, help us to remember there is great meaning in following You and
that it is all so worth it.

Following Jesus is the way to a rich and satisfying life.
