https://odb.org/2018/02/25/our-sure-foundation/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Our Sure Foundation

[The Lord] will be the sure foundation for your times, a rich store of
salvation and wisdom and knowledge; the fear of the Lord is the key to
this treasure.
Isaiah 33:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 33:2–6

For many years, people in our city built and bought homes in areas
subject to landslides. Some knew about the risk of the unstable land,
while others were not told. “Forty years of warnings from geologists
and city regulations created to ensure safe homebuilding” were
unexplained or ignored (The Gazette, Colorado Springs, April 27,
2016). The view from many of those homes was magnificent, but the
ground beneath them was a disaster in the making.

Many people in ancient Israel ignored the Lord’s warnings to turn from
idols and seek Him, the true and living God. The Old Testament records
the tragic results of their disobedience. Yet, with the world
crumbling around them, the Lord continued reaching out to His people
with a message of forgiveness and hope if they would turn to Him and
follow His way.

The prophet Isaiah said, “[The Lord ] will be the sure foundation for
your times, a rich store of salvation and wisdom and knowledge; the
fear of the Lord is the key to this treasure” (Isaiah 33:6).

Today, as in the Old Testament era, God has given us a choice about
the foundation on which we will build our lives. We can follow our own
desires, or we can embrace His eternal principles revealed in the
Bible and in the person of Jesus Christ. “On Christ, the solid rock, I
stand—all other ground is sinking sand” (Edward Mote).

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Father in heaven, we acknowledge You as our sure foundation. Our
security and hope are in You.

The Lord Himself is our strong foundation in life.
