http://odb.org/2014/09/20/rooted/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=fee
d&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Rooted

Joash did what was right in the sight of the Lord all the days of
Jehoiada the priest. —
2 Chronicles 24:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Chronicles 24:15-22

Joash must have been confused and frightened when he was told about
the evil deeds of his grandmother Athaliah. She had murdered his
brothers to usurp the power of the throne in Judah. But baby Joash had
been safely hidden away by his aunt and uncle for 6 years (2 Chron.
22:10-12). As he grew, he enjoyed the love and instruction of his
caregivers. When Joash was only 7 years old, he was secretly crowned
king and his grandmother was overthrown (23:12-15).

Young King Joash had a wise counselor by his side—his very own Uncle
Jehoiada (chs. 22–25). Joash was one of the rare “good kings” of
Judah, and while his uncle was alive he obeyed the Lord by doing right
(24:2). But once his uncle was no longer there to teach and lead by
example, Joash fell away and his life ended badly (24:15-25). It seems
that the roots of his faith did not run very deep. He even began to
worship idols. Perhaps Joash’s “faith” had been more his uncle’s than
his own.

Others can teach us the principles of their faith, but each of us must
come individually to a lasting and personal faith in Christ. For faith
to be real, it must become our own. God will help us walk with Him and
become rooted and established in the faith (Col. 2:6-7).

By:  Cindy Hess Kasper

Reflect & Pray

I am Thine, O Lord, I have heard Thy voice, And it told Thy love to
me; But I long to rise in the arms of faith And be closer drawn to
Thee. —Crosby

The faith that continues to the end gives proof that it was genuine in
the beginning.
