https://odb.org/2020/10/14/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Thriving Together

Let the peace of Christ rule in your hearts, since as members of one
body you were called to peace.
Colossians 3:15

Today's Scripture & Insight: Colossians 3:5–16

My husband, Alan, stood below the towering lights illuminating the
athletic field, as a member of the opposing team hit a ball into the
air. With his eyes fixed on the ball, Alan ran full speed toward the
darkest corner of the field—and slammed into the chain link fence.

Later that night, I handed him an ice pack. “Are you feeling okay?” I
asked. He rubbed his shoulder. “I’d feel better if my buddies
had warned me that I was getting near the fence,” he said.

Teams function best when they work together. Alan’s injury could have
been avoided, if only one of his teammates had yelled out a warning as
he approached the fence.

Scripture reminds us that members of the church are designed to work
together and watch out for each other like a team. The apostle Paul
tells us that God cares about how we interact with each other, because
the actions of one person can impact the whole community of believers
(Colossians 3:13–14). When we all embrace opportunities to serve each
other, fully devoted to unity and peace, the church flourishes (v.
15).

Paul instructed his readers to “let the message of Christ dwell among
you richly as you teach and admonish one another with all wisdom
through psalms, hymns, and songs from the Spirit” (v. 16). In this way
we can inspire and protect one another through loving and honest
relationships, obeying and praising God with grateful hearts—thriving
together.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

How can you share Scripture this week with others to encourage unity
and love in the body of Christ? What does it mean for you to have “the
message of Christ [dwelling] among you richly”?

Father God, thank You for using Scripture to instruct me, Your Spirit
to guide me, and Your people to keep me focused and accountable.
