https://odb.org/2020/05/22/take-your-tears-to-god/?utm_source=feedburn
er&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%
29

Take Your Tears to God

My eyes will flow unceasingly, without relief, until the Lord looks
down from heaven and sees.
Lamentations 3:49–50

Today's Scripture & Insight: Lamentations 3:49–66

Last summer, an orca named Talequah gave birth. Talequah’s pod of
killer whales was endangered, and her newborn was their hope for the
future. But the calf lived for less than an hour. In a show of grief
that was watched by people around the world, Talequah pushed her dead
calf through the cold waters of the Pacific Ocean for seventeen days
before letting her go.

Sometimes believers in Jesus have a hard time knowing what to do with
grief. Perhaps we fear that our sorrow might look like a lack of hope.
But the Bible gives us many examples of humans crying out to God in
grief. Lament and hope can both be part of a faithful response.

Lamentations is a book of five poems that express the sorrow of people
who have lost their home. They’ve been hunted by enemies and were near
death (3:52–54), and they weep and call on God to bring justice (v.
64). They cry out to God not because they have lost hope, but because
they believe God is listening. And when they call, God does come near
(v. 57).

It’s not wrong to lament the broken things in our world or in your
life. God is always listening, and you can be sure that God will look
down from heaven and see you.

By:  Amy Peterson

Reflect & Pray

How can you practice bringing all your emotions to God? When have you
felt God draw near to you in your sadness?

Loving God, help us to remember that it’s right to lament wrongness
before we can begin to change it. To learn more about what
Lamentations says about pain, visit christianuniversity.org/OT221.
