http://odb.org/2015/02/10/the-visitor/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_mediu
m=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Visitor

I was naked and you clothed Me; I was sick and you visited Me; I was
in prison and you came to Me. —
Matthew 25:36

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 25:31-40

A friend asked a newly retired man what he was doing now that he was
no longer working full-time. “I describe myself as a visitor,” the man
replied. “I go see people in our church and community who are in the
hospital or care facilities, living alone, or just need someone to
talk and pray with them. And I enjoy doing it!” My friend was
impressed by this man’s clear sense of purpose and his care for
others.

A few days before Jesus was crucified, He told His followers a story
that emphasized the importance of visiting people in need. “The King
will say to those on His right hand, ‘. . . I was naked and you
clothed Me; I was sick and you visited Me; I was in prison and you
came to Me’” (Matt. 25:34,36). When asked, “When did we see You sick,
or in prison, and come to You?” the King will answer, “Inasmuch as you
did it to one of the least of these My brethren, you did it to Me”
(vv.39-40).

Our ministry of visiting has two beneficiaries—the person visited and
Jesus Himself. To go to a person with help and encouragement is direct
service to our Lord.

Is there someone who would be encouraged by your visit today?

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Lord Jesus, help me to see others with Your eyes. Show me what it
means to demonstrate Your love to those around me. Thank You for the
love You give to me that I can share.

Compassion is understanding the troubles of others, coupled with an
urgent desire to help.
