https://odb.org/2020/01/28/an-old-clay-pot/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

An Old Clay Pot

We have this treasure in jars of clay to show that this all-surpassing
power is from God and not from us.
2 Corinthians 4:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Corinthians 4:7–12

I’ve acquired a number of old clay pots over the years. My favorite
was excavated from a site dated during Abraham’s time. It’s at least
one item in our home that is older than I! It’s not much to look at:
stained, cracked, chipped, and in need of a good scrubbing. I keep it
to remind me that I’m just a man made out of mud. Though fragile and
weak, I carry an immeasurably precious treasure—Jesus. “We have this
treasure [Jesus] in jars of clay” (2 Corinthians 4:7).

Paul continues: “We are hard pressed on every side, but not crushed;
perplexed, but not in despair; persecuted, but not abandoned; struck
down, but not destroyed” (vv. 8–9). Hard pressed, perplexed,
persecuted, struck down. These are the pressures the pot must bear.
Not crushed, in despair, abandoned, destroyed. These are the effects
of the counteracting strength of Jesus in us.

“We always carry around in our body the death of Jesus” (v. 10). This
is the attitude that characterized Jesus who died to Himself every
day. And this is the attitude that can characterize us—a willingness
to die to self-effort, trusting solely in the sufficiency of the One
who lives in us.

“So that the life of Jesus may also be revealed in our mortal body”
(v. 10). This is the outcome: the beauty of Jesus made visible in an
old clay pot.

By:  David H. Roper

Reflect & Pray

How can you meet the demands placed on you? Where does your strength
come from?

God, I’m weak and fragile. Thank You for living in me. I want You and
Your strength to be seen.
