http://odb.org/2016/03/23/stories-in-a-cabin/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Stories in a Cabin

[Christ] went through the greater and more perfect tabernacle that is
not made with human hands.
Hebrews 9:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: Hebrews 9:11-15

The vintage cabin, expertly constructed from hand-hewn logs, was
worthy of a magazine cover. But the structure itself was only half the
treasure. Inside, family heirlooms clung to the walls, infusing the
home with memories. On the table sat a hand-woven egg basket, an
ancient biscuit board, and an oil lamp. A weathered pork pie hat
perched over the front door. “There’s a story behind everything,” the
proud owner said.

When God gave Moses instructions for constructing the tabernacle,
there was a “story” behind everything (Ex. 25–27). The tabernacle had
only one entrance, just as we have only one way to God (see Acts
4:12). The thick inner curtain separated the people from the Most Holy
Place where God’s presence dwelt: Our sin separates us from God.
Inside the Most Holy Place was the ark of the covenant, which
symbolized God’s presence. The high priest was a forerunner of the
greater Priest to come—Jesus Himself. The blood of the sacrifices
foreshadowed Christ’s perfect sacrifice: “He entered the Most Holy
Place once for all by his own blood, thus obtaining eternal
redemption” (Heb. 9:12).

All these things told the story of Christ and the work He would
accomplish on our behalf. He did it so that “those who are called may
receive the promised eternal inheritance” (v. 15). Jesus invites us to
be a part of His story.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

What items have special meaning for me and why? What stories do I tell
about them? How can they help point people to Jesus?

Jesus took our sin that we might have salvation.
