https://odb.org/2021/02/25/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

To Be Human

Jerusalem, Jerusalem . . . how often I have longed to gather your
children together, as a hen gathers her chicks under her wings.
Matthew 23:37

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 23:37–24:2

“Mr. Singerman, why are you crying?” asked twelve-year-old Albert as
he watched the master craftsman construct a wooden box.

“I cry,” he said, “because my father cried, and because my grandfather
cried.” The woodworker’s answer to his young apprentice provides a
tender moment in an episode of Little House on the Prairie. “Tears,”
explained Mr. Singerman, “come with the making of a coffin.”

“Some men don’t cry because they fear it is a sign of weakness,” he
said. “I was taught that a man is a man because he can cry.”

Emotion must have welled up in the eyes of Jesus as He compared His
concern for Jerusalem to the care of a mother hen for her chicks
(Matthew 23:37). His disciples were often confused by what they saw in
His eyes or heard in His stories. His idea of what it meant to be
strong was different. It happened again as they walked with Him from
the temple. Calling His attention to the massive stone walls and
magnificent decor of their place of worship (24:1), the disciples
noted the strength of human accomplishment. Jesus saw a temple that
would be leveled in ad 70.

Christ shows us that healthy people know when to cry and why. He cried
because His Father cares and His Spirit groans for children who
couldn’t yet see what breaks His heart.

By:  Mart DeHaan

Reflect & Pray

In what situations in your life might you be avoiding grief? How can
your faith in a Savior who cries (John 11:35) help you express your
grief in a healthy way?

Father, please replace any cold illusions of strength I cling to with
a growing understanding of the cares and concerns that break Your
heart for children like me.
