https://odb.org/2020/07/11/a-parade-of-colors/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Parade of Colors

With your blood you purchased for God persons from every tribe and
language and people and nation.
Revelation 5:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: Revelation 5:7–14

For decades, London has been one of the most cosmopolitan cities in
the world. In 1933, journalist Glyn Roberts wrote of England’s great
capital, “I still think the parade of peoples and colours and tongues
is just about the best thing in London.” That “parade” is still in
evidence today with the blended smells, sounds, and sights of a global
community. The beauty of diversity is part of the breathtaking appeal
of one of the world’s greatest cities.

As with any city inhabited by human beings, however, London is not
without its problems. Change brings challenges. Cultures sometimes
clash. And that is one of the reasons no city built by human hands can
compare to the wonder of our eternal home.

When the apostle John was transported into the presence of God,
diversity was one of the elements of heavenly worship, as the redeemed
sang, “You are worthy to take the scroll and to open its seals,
because you were slain, and with your blood you purchased for God
persons from every tribe and language and people and nation. You have
made them to be a kingdom and priests to serve our God, and they will
reign on the earth” (Revelation 5:9–10).

Imagine heaven: a parade of every people group in the world
celebrating the wonder of being children of the living God—together!
As believers in Jesus, may we celebrate that diversity today.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

What are the best things about the church being so diverse? What can
make that diversity occasionally challenging?

Father, I thank You that no people group is excluded from Your great
love. Teach us to truly love one another, as You have so generously
loved us.
