http://odb.org/2014/10/23/clean-the-closet/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Clean The Closet

Search me, O God, and know my heart. —
Psalm 139:23

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 139:13-24

To this day I can still hear my mother telling me to go and clean up
my room. Dutifully, I would go to my room to start the process, only
to get distracted by reading the comic book that I was supposed to put
neatly in the stack. But soon the distraction was interrupted by my
mother warning that she would be up in 5 minutes to inspect the room.
Unable to effectively clean the room in that time, I would proceed to
hide everything I didn’t know what to do with in the closet, make the
bed, and then wait for her to come in—hoping that she wouldn’t look in
the closet.

This reminds me of what many of us do with our lives. We clean up the
outside of our lives hoping that no one will look into the “closet”
where we have hidden our sins by rationalization and excuses and by
blaming others for our own faults.

The problem is that while looking good on the outside, we remain well
aware of the mess on the inside. The psalmist encourages us to submit
to the cleansing inspection of God: “Search me, O God, and know my
heart; try me, and know my anxieties; and see if there is any wicked
way in me, and lead me in the way everlasting” (Ps. 139:23-24). Let’s
invite Him to inspect and cleanse every corner of our lives.

By:  Joe Stowell

Reflect & Pray

Lord, forgive me for looking good on the outside while attempting to
hide my faults and failings. I desire for You to cleanse my life so
that I may walk with You in full integrity.

We can own up to our wrongs— because we can’t hide them from God
anyway.
