http://odb.org/2014/05/26/a-call-to-comfort/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Call To Comfort

Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of
mercies and God of all comfort. —
2 Corinthians 1:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Corinthians 1:3-11

In their book Dear Mrs. Kennedy, Jay Mulvaney and Paul De Angelis note
that during the weeks following the assassination of US President John
Kennedy, his widow, Jacqueline, received nearly one million letters
from people in every part of the world. Some came from heads of state,
celebrities, and close friends. Others were sent by ordinary people
who addressed them to “Madame Kennedy, Washington” and “Mrs.
President, America.” All wrote to express their grief and sympathy for
her great loss.

When people suffer and we long to help, it’s good to recall Paul’s
word-picture of “the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ” as “the
Father of mercies and God of all comfort” (2 Cor. 1:3). Our heavenly
Father is the ultimate source of every tender mercy, kind word, and
helpful act that brings encouragement and healing. Bible scholar W. E.
Vine says that paraklesis—the Greek word translated “comfort”—means “a
calling to one’s side.” The words comfort and consolation appear
repeatedly in today’s Bible reading as a reminder that the Lord holds
us close and invites us to cling to Him.

As the Lord wraps His loving arms around us, we are able to embrace
others “with the comfort with which we ourselves are comforted by God”
(v.4).

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Father, thank You for letting us share with You our worries and cares.
We’re grateful that You stand beside us to comfort and guide. Help us
to console others as You look out for Your own.

God comforts us so that we can comfort others.
