http://odb.org/2016/06/29/our-way-of-life/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Our Way of Life

We are what he has made us, created in Christ Jesus for good works,
which God prepared beforehand to be our way of life.
Ephesians 2:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ephesians 2:1–10

I was struck by a phrase I heard quoted from a contemporary Bible
translation. When I Googled the phrase “our way of life” to locate the
passage, many of the results focused on things people felt were
threatening their expected way of living. Prominent among the
perceived threats were climate change, terrorism, and government
policies.

What really is our way of life as followers of Jesus? I wondered. Is
it what makes us comfortable, secure, and happy, or is it something
more?

Paul reminded the Christians in Ephesus of the remarkable way God had
transformed their lives. “God, who is rich in mercy, out of the great
love with which he loved us even when we were dead through our
trespasses, made us alive together with Christ—by grace you have been
saved” (Eph. 2:4-5 nrsv). The result is that we are “created in Christ
Jesus for good works, which God prepared beforehand to be our way of
life” (v. 10 nrsv).

Doing good works, helping others, giving, loving, and serving in
Jesus’s name—these are to be our way of life. They are not optional
activities for believers, but the very reason God has given us life in
Christ.

In a changing world, God has called and empowered us to pursue a life
that reaches out to others and honors Him.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Father, thank You for the incredible riches of Your love and mercy.
You rescued us from our dead way of living and made us alive with
Christ.

Let your light shine before others, that they may see your good deeds
and glorify your Father in heaven. Matthew 5:16
