http://odb.org/2015/04/27/love-and-light/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Love And Light

The land which you cross over to possess is a land . . . for which the
Lord your God cares. —
Deuteronomy. 11:11-12

Today's Scripture & Insight: Deuteronomy 11:8-15

Friends are starting to plan their summer vegetable gardens. Some get
an early start by planting seeds indoors where they can control the
conditions and provide the best environment for sprouting. After the
danger of frost has passed, they will transplant the seedlings
outdoors. Once the garden is planted, the work of weeding, feeding,
watering, and guarding against rodents and insects begins. Producing
food is a lot of work.

Moses reminded the Israelites of this before they entered the promised
land. While living in Egypt, they had to do the hard work of
irrigating crops by hand (Deut. 11:10), but in the place where God was
taking them He promised to ease their work by sending spring and
autumn rains: “I will send rain on your land in its season, both
autumn and spring rains” (v.14 niv). The only condition was that they
“faithfully obey the commands” He gave them—“to love the Lord your God
and to serve him with all your heart and with all your soul” (v.13
niv). The Lord was taking His people to a place where their obedience
and His blessing would make them a light to those around them.

God wants the same for us and from us: He wants our love to be
displayed in our obedience so that we might be His light to people
around us. The love and obedience we have to offer, though, is far
less than He deserves. But He is our provider, blessing us and
enabling us to be a light that the world will notice.

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

This article may not have a prayer section.




