http://odb.org/2010/05/08/safety-zone/

Safety Zone

A full reward be given you by the Lord God of Israel, under whose
wings you have come for refuge. —
Ruth 2:12

Today's Scripture: Ruth 2:1-12

When the horrors of war visited the civilians of Nanjing, China, women
were not spared in the mounting violence and many were assaulted and
killed. In this threatening environment, Minnie Vautrin took heroic
measures to protect Chinese women from harm. Serving as a missionary
teacher at Ginling College in Nanjing, Minnie cooperated with Chinese
nationals, missionaries, surgeons, and business people and turned the
college into a “safety zone,” a place of refuge for thousands of women
and girls.

In the Bible, we learn that Ruth and her mother-in-law, Naomi, were in
need of some protection too. To survive as widows, they had to glean
what they could from the harvested fields. As was the custom, Ruth
sought a “kinsman redeemer.” This was a next of kin or close relative
to her deceased husband who would marry her to continue the family
line. Boaz was just such a man. He was touched by Ruth’s sacrificial
care for Naomi and her desire to look for refuge in the Lord (Ruth
2:12). Boaz worked honorably to “redeem” Ruth and to make her his
wife. He then provided for her and Naomi.

Our ultimate refuge is in the Lord Himself (Ps. 46:1). Yet He wants to
use us as instruments to provide a “safety zone” for others.

By:  Dennis Fisher

Reflect & Pray

Thinking It Over In what ways can you meet the needs of others? Check
with community ministries or a local church to see how they’re
reaching out, and join in.

They truly love who show their love. —Shakespeare
