https://odb.org/2018/12/15/mosaic-of-beauty/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Mosaic of Beauty

My soul glorifies the Lord and my spirit rejoices in God my Savior.
Luke 1:46–47

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 1:46–55

Sitting in the courtyard of the Church of the Visitation in Ein Karem,
Israel, I was overwhelmed with the beautiful display of sixty-
seven mosaics containing the words of Luke 1:46–55 in as many
languages. Traditionally known as the Magnificat from the Latin “to
magnify,” these verses are Mary’s joyous response to the announcement
that she will be the mother of the Messiah.

Each plaque contains Mary’s words, including: “My soul glorifies the
Lord and my spirit rejoices in God my Savior. . . . For the Mighty One
has done great things for me” (vv. 46–49). The biblical hymn etched in
the tiles is a song of praise as Mary recounts the faithfulness of God
to her and the nation of Israel.

A grateful recipient of God’s grace, Mary rejoices in her salvation
(v. 47). She acknowledges that God’s mercy has extended to the
Israelites for generations (v. 50). Looking back over God’s care for
the Israelites, Mary praises God for His powerful acts on behalf of
His people (v. 51). She also thanks God, recognizing that her daily
provision comes from His hand (v. 53).

Mary shows us that recounting the great things God has done for us is
a way to express praise and can lead us to rejoice. This Christmas
season, consider God’s goodness as you reflect on the year. In doing
so, you may create a mosaic of great beauty with your words of praise.

By:  Lisa M. Samra

Reflect & Pray

Father, we praise You for the great things You’ve done in our lives
this year. We rejoice in Your mercy and care for us.

Make a list of the ways God has blessed you this year and reflect on
it in silence. Then share stories of His goodness with someone.
