https://odb.org/2017/04/05/kossis-courage/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Kossi’s Courage

You shall have no other gods before me. . . . You shall not bow down
to them or worship them.
Exodus 20:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Kings 23:12–14, 21–25

As he awaited his baptism in Togo’s Mono River, Kossi stooped to pick
up a worn wooden carving. His family had worshiped the object for
generations. Now they watched as he tossed the grotesque figure into a
fire prepared for the occasion. No longer would their choicest
chickens be sacrificed to this god.

In the West, most Christians think of idols as metaphors for what they
put in place of God. In Togo, West Africa, idols represent literal
gods that must be appeased with sacrifice. Idol burning and baptism
make a courageous statement about a new believer’s allegiance to the
one true God.

As an eight-year-old, King Josiah came to power in an idol-worshiping,
sex-obsessed culture. His father and grandfather had been two of the
worst kings in all of Judah’s sordid history. Then the high priest
discovered the book of the law. When the young king heard its words,
he took them to heart (2 Kings 22:8–13). Josiah destroyed the pagan
altars, burned the vile items dedicated to the goddess Asherah, and
stopped the ritual prostitution (ch. 23). In place of these practices,
he celebrated the Passover (23:21–23).

Whenever we look for answers apart from God—consciously or
subconsciously—we pursue a false god. It would be wise to ask
ourselves: What idols, literal or figurative, do we need to throw on
the fire?

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Lord, forgive us for those things we turn to that show our hearts are
not focused on You. Show us what we need to give up, and replace it
with the presence of Your Holy Spirit.

Dear children, keep yourselves from idols. 1 John 5:21
