http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/odb/feed/~3/bz853bUqunY/

Finding Waldo

The [Ethiopian] asked Philip, “Tell me, please, who is the prophet
talking about, himself or someone else?”
Acts 8:34

Today's Scripture: Acts 8:26–40

Waldo is the cartoonish star of “Where’s Waldo,” a now-classic best-
selling children’s book series. Waldo hides himself in the crowded
scenes on each page, inviting children to find where he’s hiding.
Parents around the world love the moments of sweet discovery when
their children’s faces signal they’ve found Waldo. They also enjoy the
occasions when they’re invited to help find him.

Shortly after Stephen, a deacon in the early church, was stoned to
death for proclaiming Christ (see Acts 7), widespread persecution
broke out against Christians, causing many to flee Jerusalem. Another
deacon, Philip, followed these fleeing Christians into Samaria, where
he proclaimed Christ and it was well received (8:6). While there, the
Holy Spirit sent Philip on a special mission to “the desert road.” It
must have seemed a strange request given the fruit his preaching was
producing in Samaria itself. Imagine Philip’s joy, then, when he met
and helped the Ethiopian court official find Jesus in the pages of
Isaiah (vv. 26–40).

We too are often given the chance to help others “find Jesus”
throughout the Scriptures so they may know Him more fully. Like a
parent witnessing the joy of discovery in their child’s eyes and like
Philip helping the Ethiopian find Jesus, it can be exhilarating for us
to witness the moment of discovery in those around us. As we go
through our days, may we be prepared to share Christ as the Spirit
leads us, whether they are people we know well or those we meet even
just once.

By:  Randy Kilgore

This article may not have a prayer section.




