https://odb.org/2019/06/07/dont-miss-the-chance/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Don’t Miss the Chance

The heavens declare the glory of God; the skies proclaim the work of
his hands.
Psalm 19:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 19:1–4

“Don’t ever miss the chance to show your babies the moon!” she said.
Before our mid-week prayer service began, a group of us talked about
the previous night’s harvest moon. The full moon was striking, as it
seemed to sit on the horizon. Mrs. Webb was the eldest voice in our
conversation, a gray-haired lover of God’s grand creation. She knew my
wife and I had two children in our home at the time, and she wanted to
help me train them in a way worth going. Don’t ever miss the chance to
show your babies the moon!

Mrs. Webb would’ve made a good psalmist. Her brand of attentiveness is
reflected in David’s description of the heavenly bodies that “have no
speech . . . . Yet their voice goes out into all the earth, their
words to the ends of the world” (Psalm 19:3–4). Neither the psalmist
nor Mrs. Webb had any intention of worshiping the moon or the stars,
but rather the creative hands behind them. The heavens and skies
reveal nothing less than the glory of God (v. 1).

We too can encourage those around us—from babies and teenagers to
spouses and neighbors—to stop, look, and listen, for declarations and
proclamations of God’s glory are all around us. Drawing attention to
the work of His hands in turn leads to worshiping the awesome God
behind the whole show. Don’t ever miss the chance.

By:  John Blase

Reflect & Pray

How can you slow down and notice the work of God’s hands right now?
How can you encourage others to do the same?

If we stop, look, and listen, we’ll see creation declaring God’s
glory.
