http://odb.org/2013/06/22/hanging-on-nothing/

Hanging On Nothing

He stretches out the north over empty space; He hangs the earth on
nothing. —
Job 26:7

Today's Scripture: Job 26:5-14

A world map published by the National Geographic Society has this
notation: “Earth’s mass is 6.6 sextillion tons.” And what supports all
that weight? Nothing. The planet we inhabit spins on its axis at 1,000
miles per hour as it hurtles through space in its orbit around the
sun. But it’s easy for that to remain unnoticed in the midst of our
daily concerns about health, relationships, and how to pay the bills.

The Old Testament character Job repeatedly considered God’s creation
in his struggle to make sense of the numbing loss of his health, his
wealth, and his children. “[God] stretches out the north over empty
space,” Job said. “He hangs the earth on nothing” (Job 26:7). Job
marveled at the clouds that did not break under the heavy water inside
them (v.8) and the horizon “at the boundary of light and darkness”
(v.10), but called them “the mere edges of His ways” (v.14).

Creation itself did not answer Job’s questions, but the heavens and
the earth pointed him to God the Creator, who alone could respond with
help and hope.

The Lord who upholds the universe by the “word of His power” (Heb.
1:3; Col. 1:17) is in control of our everyday lives. Experiences that
seem “empty places” are all undergirded by our heavenly Father’s power
and love.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Dear Lord, we praise You for Your infinite power. You created the
world out of nothing and uphold it by Your word. Help me to remember
that You are also in control of every part of my life.

When we reflect on the power of God’s creation, we see the power of
His care for us.
