http://odb.org/2014/12/04/called-by-name/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Called By Name

[Jesus] looked up and saw him, and said to him, “Zacchaeus, make haste
and come down, for today I must stay at your house.” —
Luke 19:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 19:1-10

At the beginning of the academic year, a school principal in our city
pledged to learn the names of all 600 students in her school. Anyone
who doubted her ability or resolve could look at her track record.
During the previous year she had learned the names of 700 students,
and prior to that, 400 children in a different school. Think of what
it must have meant to these students to be recognized and greeted by
name.

The story of Zacchaeus and Jesus (Luke 19:1-10) contains a surprising
element of personal recognition. As Jesus passed through the city of
Jericho, a wealthy tax collector named Zacchaeus climbed a tree in
order to see Him. “When Jesus came to the place, He looked up and saw
him, and said to him, ‘Zacchaeus, make haste and come down, for today
I must stay at your house’” (v.5). Instead of ignoring Zacchaeus or
saying “Hey, you in the tree,” Jesus called him by name. From that
moment on, his life began to change.

When it seems that no one knows you or cares who you are, remember
Jesus. He knows us by name and longs for us to know Him in a personal
way. Our Father in heaven sees us through His eyes of love and cares
about every detail of our lives.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Father, thank You that my value in Your eyes is not determined by what
I do but simply by the fact that You created me. Help me to recognize
that same value in others as I represent You to the world.

Jesus knows you by name and longs for you to know Him.
