https://odb.org/2019/07/31/who-we-are-2/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Who We Are

This man is my chosen instrument to proclaim my name.
Acts 9:15

Today's Scripture & Insight: Acts 9:13–16

I’ll never forget the time I took my future wife to meet my family.
With a twinkle in their eyes, my two elder siblings asked her, “What
exactly do you see in this guy?” She smiled and assured them that by
God’s grace I had grown to be the man she loved.

I loved that clever reply because it also reflects how, in Christ, the
Lord sees more than our past. In Acts 9, He directed Ananias to heal
Saul, a known persecutor of the church whom God had blinded. Ananias
was incredulous at receiving this mission, stating that Saul had been
rounding up believers in Jesus for persecution and even execution. God
told Ananias not to focus on who Saul had been but on who he had
become: an evangelist who would bring the good news to all the known
world, including to the gentiles (those who weren’t Jews) and to kings
(v. 15). Ananias saw Saul the Pharisee and persecutor, but God saw
Paul the apostle and evangelist.

We can sometimes view ourselves only as we have been—with all of our
failures and shortcomings. But God sees us as new creations, not who
we were but who we are in Jesus and who we’re becoming through the
power of the Holy Spirit. O God, teach us to view ourselves and others
in this way!

By:  Peter W. Chin

Reflect & Pray

How can you begin to better view yourself and others in light of who
you are in Christ today? How does it encourage you to know God isn’t
through growing and refining you?

Heavenly Father, help me to find my full identity in You. Allow me to
humbly see others through Your eyes of grace!
