http://odb.org/2011/10/25/poetic-justice-2/

Poetic Justice

“Vengeance is Mine, I will repay,” says the Lord. —
Romans 12:19

Today's Scripture: Esther 3:1-11; 7:1-10

For nearly a year, a former publishing colleague lived under a cloud
of fear that he would be fired. A new boss in the department, for
reasons unknown, began filling his personnel file with negative
comments. Then, on the day my friend expected to lose his job, the new
boss was fired instead.

When the Israelites were taken as captives to Babylon, a Jew named
Mordecai found himself in this kind of situation. Haman, the highest
noble of King Xerxes, expected every royal official to kneel down and
honor him, but Mordecai refused to bow to anyone but God (Est. 3:1-2).
This outraged Haman and he set out to destroy not only Mordecai but
every Jew in the whole Persian empire (vv.5-6). Haman convinced Xerxes
to sign a decree authorizing the destruction of all Jews and started
building a gallows for the execution of Mordecai (5:14). But, in a
startling turn of events, Haman was executed on the gallows he had
built for Mordecai, and the Jewish people were spared (7:9-10; 8).

In literature, this is called poetic justice. Not everyone gets
justice in such dramatic fashion, but Scripture promises that God will
one day avenge all injustice (Rom. 12:19). While we wait, we are to do
what we can to work for justice and leave the results in God’s hands.

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

The call for justice must be strong To show what’s right, to thwart
what’s wrong, But let’s reject the smallest part Of vengeance harbored
in the heart. —D. De Haan

The scales of Divine justice always balance— if not here, then
hereafter.
