https://odb.org/2020/06/01/needing-his-leading/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Needing His Leading

From the ends of the earth I call to you.
Psalm 61:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 61

Uncle Zaki was more than a friend to scholar Kenneth Bailey; he was
his trusted guide on challenging excursions into the vast Sahara. By
following Uncle Zaki, Bailey says that he and his team were
demonstrating their complete trust in him. In essence, they were
affirming, “We don’t know the way to where we are going, and if you
get us lost we will all die. We have placed our total trust in your
leadership.”

In a time of great weariness and heartache, David looked beyond any
human guide, seeking direction from the God he served. In Psalm 61:2
we read, “From the ends of the earth I call to you, I call as my heart
grows faint; lead me to the rock that is higher than I.” He longed for
the safety and relief of being ushered afresh into God’s presence (vv.
3–4).

God’s guidance in life is desperately needed for people the Scriptures
describe as sheep that have “gone astray” (Isaiah 53:6). Left to
ourselves, we would be hopelessly lost in the desert of a broken
world.

But we are not left to ourselves! We have a Shepherd who leads us
“beside quiet waters,” refreshes our souls, and guides us (Psalm
23:2–3).

Where do you need His leading today? Call on Him. He will never leave
you.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

What was it like when you felt lost? How can you begin to trust God’s
desire to guide you like a shepherd in those times of seeking?

Loving Father, thank You for being my Shepherd and Guide. Help me to
trust You and rest in Your wisdom, allowing Your Spirit to guide me
through the challenging moments of life. Listen to Psalm 23: A Psalm
of a Good Shepherd at discovertheword.org/series/a-psalm-of-a-good-
shepherd.
