http://odb.org/2016/06/15/true-communication/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

True Communication

A crowd came together in bewilderment, because each one heard their
own language being spoken.
Acts 2:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: Acts 2:1–12

Walking in my North London neighborhood, I can hear snatches of
conversation in many languages—Polish, Japanese, Hindi, Croatian, and
Italian, to name a few. This diversity feels like a taste of heaven,
yet I can’t understand what they’re saying. As I step into the Russian
café or the Polish market and hear the different accents and sounds, I
sometimes reflect on how wonderful it must have been on the day of
Pentecost when people of many nations could understand what the
disciples were saying.

On that day, pilgrims gathered together in Jerusalem to celebrate the
festival of the harvest. The Holy Spirit rested on the believers so
that when they spoke, the hearers (who had come from all over the
known world) could understand them in their own languages (Acts
2:5–6). What a miracle that these strangers from different lands could
understand the praises to God in their own tongues! Many were spurred
on to find out more about Jesus.

We may not speak or understand many languages, but we know that the
Holy Spirit equips us to connect with people in other ways. Amazingly,
we are God’s hands and feet—and mouth—to further His mission. Today,
how might we—with the Spirit’s help—reach out to someone unlike us?

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

Lord, give us eyes to see those around us as You see them. Give us
ears to hear their stories; give us hearts to share Your love. Share
your story of how you've helped others at odb.org

Love is the language everybody understands.
