https://odb.org/2018/10/09/much-more-than-words/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Much More Than Words

In the same way, the Spirit helps us in our weakness.
Romans 8:26

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 8:22–30

At a dedication ceremony during which a Bible translated into a local
African language was presented, the area chief was presented with his
own copy. In appreciation, he lifted the Bible to the skies and
exclaimed, “Now we know God understands our language! We can read the
Bible in our own native mother-tongue.”

No matter our language, our heavenly Father understands it. But often
we feel unable to express our deepest longings to Him. The apostle
Paul encourages us to pray regardless of how we feel. Paul speaks of
our suffering world and our own pain: “The whole creation has been
groaning as in the pains of childbirth” (Romans 8:22), and he compares
that to the Holy Spirit’s work on our behalf. “The Spirit helps us in
our weakness,” he writes. “We do not know what we ought to pray for,
but the Spirit himself intercedes for us through wordless groans”
(v. 26).

God’s Holy Spirit knows us intimately. He knows our longings, our
heart-language, and our unspoken words, and He helps us in our
communication with God. His Spirit draws us to be transformed into the
image of God the Son (v. 29).

Our heavenly Father understands our language and speaks to us through
His Word. When we think our prayers are weak or too short, His Holy
Spirit helps us by speaking through us to the Father. He yearns for us
to talk with Him in prayer.

By:  Lawrence Darmani

Reflect & Pray

Thank You, Lord, for understanding my language and innermost longings.
When my prayers are weak and dry, bear me up through Your Spirit.

When we feel weak in our prayers, God’s Spirit helps us in ways we
can’t imagine.
