http://odb.org/2013/10/15/dreams-of-childhood/

Dreams Of Childhood

Out of the mouth of babes and nursing infants You have ordained
strength. —
Psalm 8:2

Today's Scripture: Psalm 8

Years ago, I asked fifth-grade students to prepare a list of questions
to ask Jesus if He were to show up in person the following week. I
also asked groups of adults to do the same thing. The results were
startlingly different. The kids’ questions ranged from adorable to
poignant: “Will we have to sit around in robes and sing all day in
heaven? Will my puppy be in heaven? Were the whales in or out of the
ark? How’s my grandpa doing up there with You?” Almost without fail,
their questions were free from doubt that heaven existed or that God
acts supernaturally.

Adults, on the other hand, featured a completely different line of
questioning: “Why do bad things happen to good people? How do I know
You’re listening to my prayers? Why is there only one way to heaven?
How could a loving God let this tragedy happen to me?”

For the most part, children live life unfettered by the cares and
sorrows that burden adults. Their faith lets them trust God more
readily. While we adults often get lost in trials and sorrows,
children retain the psalmist’s view of life—an eternal perspective
that sees the greatness of God (Ps. 8:1-2).

God can be trusted, and He longs for us to trust Him the way children
do (Matt. 18:3).

By:  Randy Kilgore

Reflect & Pray

O Father, may I find again the dreams of childhood when thoughts of
You filled me with peace and I longed to know You more. Give me a
faith that trusts You implicitly.

An intimate walk with God lifts our eyes from today’s trials and into
eternity’s triumphs.
