http://odb.org/2012/08/22/theory-of-everything/

Theory Of Everything

For by Him all things were created that are in heaven and that are on
earth, visible and invisible. —
Colossians 1:16

Today's Scripture: John 1:1-13

Scientists have been looking for the “Theory of Everything.” One
person who thinks he found it is physicist Brian Greene, who wrote The
Elegant Universe: Superstrings, Hidden Dimensions, and the Quest for
the Ultimate Theory. Greene’s “string theory” is a complicated concept
suggesting that at its tiniest level everything consists of
combinations of vibrating strands, or strings. He has described his
theory as “a framework with the capacity to explain every fundamental
feature upon which the world is constructed.”

Over the years, thinkers from Newton to Einstein to Hawking to Greene
have spent the greater portion of their lives trying to figure out how
the universe works—and they have proposed fascinating theories.

In reality, for any theory to explain everything in the universe
adequately it must begin and end with God. “All things . . . visible
and invisible” (Col. 1:16) have their origin in Him and exist for His
glory (Ps. 72:19). The first few verses of John’s gospel tell us that
our Lord created the universe—and that without His hand of creation
nothing would exist.

That’s why when we consider the world and everything in it, we can
exclaim with Isaiah: “The whole earth is full of His glory!” (6:3).
Praise His holy name!

By:  David C. Egner

Reflect & Pray

Our God has fashioned earth and sky, Sun, moon, and stars beyond
compare; His workmanship we can’t deny— His fingerprints are
everywhere. —Seals

All creation is an outstretched finger pointing toward God.
