https://odb.org/2018/06/15/lovable/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=f
eed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

“Lovable!”

I have loved you with an everlasting love; I have drawn you with
unfailing kindness.
Jeremiah 31:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: Jeremiah 31:1–6

“Lovable!”

That exclamation came from my daughter as she got ready one morning. I
didn’t know what she meant. Then she tapped her shirt, a hand-me-down
from a cousin. Across the front was that word: “Lovable.” I gave her a
big hug, and she smiled with pure joy. “You are lovable!” I echoed.
Her smile grew even bigger, if that was possible, as she skipped away,
repeating the word over and over again.

I’m hardly a perfect father. But that moment was perfect. In that
spontaneous, beautiful interaction, I glimpsed in my girl’s radiant
face what receiving unconditional love looked like: It was a portrait
of delight. She knew the word on her shirt corresponded completely
with how her daddy felt about her.

How many of us know in our hearts that we are loved by a Father whose
affection for us is limitless? Sometimes we struggle with this truth.
The Israelites did. They wondered if their trials meant God no longer
loved them. But in Jeremiah 31:3, the prophet reminds them of what God
said in the past: “I have loved you with an everlasting love.” We too
long for such unconditional love. Yet the wounds, disappointments, and
mistakes we experience can make us feel anything but lovable. But God
opens His arms—the arms of a perfect Father—and invites us to
experience and rest in His love.

By:  Adam R. Holz

Reflect & Pray

Lord, hard things in our lives can tempt us to believe we are
unlovable. But You say otherwise. Please help us to receive the life-
transforming gift of Your everlasting love for us.

No one loves us like our Father.
