https://odb.org/2019/09/26/faith-stand/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medi
um=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Faith-Stand

Taking Jesus’ body, the two of them wrapped it, with the spices, in
strips of linen.
John 19:40

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 19:38–42

Desmond Doss enlisted to serve in World War II as a non-combatant.
Though his religious beliefs prevented him from carrying a gun, Doss
ably served as a combat medic. In one battle, he withstood intense and
repeated enemy fire to pull seventy-five soldiers in his unit to
safety after they had been injured. His story is told in the
documentary The Conscientious Objector and dramatized in the film
Hacksaw Ridge.

A roll call of the heroes of Christian faith includes such courageous
characters as Abraham, Moses, David, Elijah, Peter, and Paul. Yet
there are some unsung heroes like Joseph of Arimathea and Nicodemus,
who risked their standing with the Jewish leaders to take
Christ’s crucified body and give Him a decent burial (John 19:40–42).
This was a bold move from a fearful, secret disciple of Jesus and
another, Nicodemus, who had previously dared to visit Him only at
night (vv. 38–39). Even more impressive is that they took their faith-
stand before Jesus rose victorious from the grave. Why?

Perhaps the manner of Jesus’s death and the events that immediately
followed (Matthew 27:50–54) crystallized the fledgling faith of these
fearful followers. Maybe they learned to focus on who God is rather
than what man could do to them. Whatever the inspiration, may we
follow their example and exhibit courage to take risks of faith in our
God—for others today.

By:  Remi Oyedele

Reflect & Pray

In what ways have you lived courageously for your faith in Jesus? What
can you do differently that might show your faith to the world?

Courage [is] not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. Nelson
Mandela
