https://odb.org/2019/07/23/eyes-in-the-back-of-my-head/?utm_source=fee
dburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+B
read%29

Eyes in the Back of My Head

From his dwelling place [God] watches all who live on earth.
Psalm 33:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 33:6–19

I was as mischievous as any other child in my early years and tried to
hide my bad behavior to avoid getting into trouble. Yet my mother
usually found out what I had done. I recall being amazed at how
quickly and accurately she knew about my antics. When I marveled and
asked how she knew, she always replied, “I have eyes in the back of my
head.” This, of course, led me to study her head whenever she’d turn
her back—were the eyes invisible or merely cloaked by her red hair? As
I grew, I gave up looking for evidence of her extra pair of eyes and
realized I just wasn’t quite as sneaky as I had supposed. Her watchful
gaze was evidence of her loving concern for her children.

As grateful as I am for my mother’s attentive care (despite being
occasionally disappointed I hadn’t gotten away with something!), I’m
even more grateful that God “sees all mankind” as He looks upon us
from heaven (Psalm 33:13). He sees so much more than what we do; He
sees our sadness, our delights, and our love for one another.

God sees our true character and always knows exactly what we need.
With perfect vision, which even sees the inner workings of our hearts,
He watches over those who love Him and put their hope in Him (v. 18).
He’s our attentive, loving Father.

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

How does it comfort you to know that God sees everything and is
watching over you? What has He been doing recently to sharpen your
character?

Dear Father, thank You for watching over all people and for seeing
what happens in our world and in my life.
