http://odb.org/2017/02/10/leaning-on-jesus/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Leaning on Jesus

One of them, the disciple whom Jesus loved, was reclining next to him.
John 13:23

Today's Scripture: John 13:12–26

Sometimes when I put my head on my pillow at night and pray, I imagine
I’m leaning on Jesus. Whenever I do this, I remember something the
Word of God tells us about the apostle John. John himself writes about
how he was sitting beside Jesus at the Last Supper: “One of them, the
disciple whom Jesus loved, was reclining next to him” (John 13:23).

John used the term “the disciple whom Jesus loved” as a way of
referring to himself without mentioning his own name. He is also
depicting a typical banquet setting in first-century Israel, where the
table was much lower than those we use today, about knee height.
Reclining without chairs on a mat or cushions was the natural position
for those around the table. John was sitting so close to the Lord that
when he turned to ask him a question, he was “leaning back against
Jesus” (John 13:25), with his head on his chest.

John’s closeness to Jesus in that moment provides a helpful
illustration for our lives with Him today. We may not be able to touch
Jesus physically, but we can entrust the weightiest circumstances of
our lives to Him. He said, “Come to me, all you who are weary and
burdened, and I will give you rest” (Matt. 11:28). How blessed we are
to have a Savior whom we can trust to be faithful through every
circumstance of our lives! Are you “leaning” on Him today?

By:  James Banks

Reflect & Pray

Dear Lord Jesus, help me to lean on You today and to trust You as my
source of strength and hope. I cast all my cares on You and praise You
because You are faithful.

Jesus alone gives the rest we need.
