http://odb.org/2012/05/13/a-woman-of-influence/

A Woman Of Influence

She watches over the ways of her household, and does not eat the bread
of idleness. —
Proverbs 31:27

Today's Scripture: Proverbs 31:10-31

During the early years of the Protestant Reformation in Europe,
Katharina Von Bora, a former nun, married Martin Luther (1525). By all
accounts, the two had a joyous married life. Luther said, “There is no
bond on earth so sweet, nor any separation so bitter, as that which
occurs in a good marriage.”

Because Katharina rose at 4 a.m. to care for her responsibilities,
Luther referred to her as the “morning star of Wittenberg.” She was
industrious in tending the vegetable garden and orchard. Also, she
administered the family business and managed the Luthers’ home and
property. In time, the couple had six children for whom Katharina felt
the home was a school of character development. Her energetic industry
and care for the family made her a woman of influence.

Katharina seems to have been a woman like the one described in
Proverbs 31. She was indeed a virtuous wife who awoke “while it [was]
yet night” and provided “food for her household” (v.15). She also
watched “over the ways of her household, and [did] not eat the bread
of idleness” (v.27).

From role models like Katharina, we can learn about the love,
diligence, and fear of the Lord that’s needed to be a woman of
influence.

By:  Dennis Fisher

Reflect & Pray

Lord, thank You for the influence our mothers and wives have had on
us. We too want to touch the lives of others, to point them to You. We
know we need Your Spirit’s power to do that. Fill us and use us, we
pray.

Good mothers not only tell us how to live— they show us.
