https://odb.org/2020/04/03/what-comes-next/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

What Comes Next?

There is in store for me the crown of righteousness, which the Lord .
. . will award to me on that day.
2 Timothy 4:8

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Timothy 4:1–8

On the night of April 3, 1968, Dr. Martin Luther King gave his final
speech, “I’ve Been to the Mountaintop.” In it, he hints that he
believed he might not live long. He said, “We’ve got some difficult
days ahead. But it doesn’t matter with me now. Because I’ve been to
the mountaintop. And I’ve looked over. And I’ve seen the promised
land. I may not get there with you. . . . [But] I’m happy tonight. I’m
not worried about anything. I’m not fearing any man. Mine eyes have
seen the glory of the coming of the Lord.” The next day, he was
assassinated.

The apostle Paul, shortly before his death, wrote to his protégé
Timothy: “I am already being poured out like a drink offering, and the
time for my departure is near. . . . Now there is in store for me the
crown of righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous Judge, will
award to me on that day” (2 Timothy 4:6, 8). Paul knew his time on
earth was drawing to a close, as did Dr. King. Both men realized lives
of incredible significance, yet never lost sight of the true life
ahead. Both men welcomed what came next.

Like them, may we “fix our eyes not on what is seen, but on what is
unseen, since what is seen is temporary, but what is unseen is
eternal” (2 Corinthians 4:18).

By:  Remi Oyedele

Reflect & Pray

What is your understanding of this life’s temporary nature? How do you
think it plays into the life that comes next?

Heavenly Father, help us to keep our eyes on You and not on the
troubles and trials of this life. Read Life to Come: The Hope of the
Christian Faith at discoveryseries.org/q1205.
