https://odb.org/2020/09/23/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

God-Paved Memories

Assemble the people before me to hear my words so that they may learn
to revere me.
Deuteronomy 4:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Deuteronomy 4:3–10

When my grown son faced a difficult situation, I reminded him about
God’s constant care and provision during his dad’s year of
unemployment. I recounted the times God strengthened our family and
gave us peace while my mom fought and lost her battle with leukemia.
Highlighting the stories of God’s faithfulness stitched into
Scripture, I affirmed He was good at keeping His word. I led my son
down our family’s God-paved memory lane, reminding him about the ways
He remained reliable through our valley and mountaintop moments.
Whether we were struggling or celebrating, God’s presence, love, and
grace proved sufficient.

Although I’d like to claim this faith-strengthening strategy as my
own, God designed the habit of sharing stories to inspire the future
generations’ belief in Him. As the Israelites remembered all they’d
seen God do in the past, He placed cobblestones of confidence down
their divinely paved memory lanes.

The Israelites had witnessed God holding true to His promises as they
followed Him (Deuteronomy 4:3–6). He’d always heard and answered their
prayers (v. 7). Rejoicing and reminiscing with the younger generations
(v. 9), the Israelites shared the holy words breathed and preserved by
the one true God (v. 10).

As we tell of our great God’s majesty, mercy, and intimate love, our
convictions and the faith of others can be strengthened by the
confirmation of His enduring trustworthiness.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

Who’s invested in your spiritual growth by sharing what God has done
in their lives? What creative ways can you share His faithfulness and
love across generational lines?

Sovereign God, thank You for empowering me to walk with sure-footed
faith that crosses generational lines.
