http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/odb/feed/~3/x4JCMxjV030/

What Do We Want?

He who raised Christ from the dead will also give life to your mortal
bodies because of his Spirit who lives in you.
Romans 8:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 8:1–11

“I went from the horse-and-buggy to a man walking on the moon,” said
the elderly man to his granddaughter, who shared this story with me
recently. But then he mused, “I never thought it would be so short.”

Life is short, and many of us turn to Jesus because we want to live
forever. That’s not bad, but we don’t comprehend what eternal life
really is. We tend to crave the wrong things. We long for something
better, and we think it’s just ahead. If only I were out of school. If
only I had that job. If only I were married. If only I could retire.
If only . . . And then one day we catch an echo of our grandfather’s
voice as we wonder where the time has flown.

The truth is, we possess eternal life now. The apostle Paul wrote,
“The law of the Spirit who gives life has set you free from the law of
sin and death” (Rom. 8:2). Then he said, “Those who live in accordance
with the Spirit have their minds set on what the Spirit desires” (v.
5). In other words, our desires change when we come to Christ. This
naturally gives us what we most desire. “The mind governed by the
Spirit is life and peace” (v. 6).

It’s one of life’s great lies that we need to be somewhere else, doing
something else, with someone else before we start truly living. When
we find our life in Jesus, we exchange regret over life’s brevity for
the full enjoyment of life with Him, both now and forever.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Lord, You said You came to give us life to the fullest, but so often
we have our own agenda and the wrong goals in mind. Please forgive us,
and help us desire what You want.

To live forever we must let Jesus live in us now.
