https://odb.org/2018/12/24/ponder-it/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium
=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Ponder It

Mary treasured up all these things and pondered them in her heart.
Luke 2:19

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 2:8–20

During Oswald Chambers’ years at the Bible Training College in London
(1911–15), he often startled the students with things he said during
his lectures. One young woman explained that because discussion was
reserved for the following mealtime together, Chambers would
frequently be bombarded with questions and objections. She recalled
that Oswald would often simply smile and say, “Just leave it for now;
it will come to you later.” He encouraged them to ponder the issues
and allow God to reveal His truth to them.

To ponder something is to concentrate and think deeply about it. After
the events leading to the birth of Jesus in Bethlehem, followed by the
appearance of angels and the shepherds who came to see the Messiah,
“Mary treasured up all these things and pondered them in her heart”
(Luke 2:19). New Testament scholar W. E. Vine said that ponder means
“to throw together, confer, to put one thing with another in
considering circumstances” (Expository Dictionary of New Testament
Words).

When we struggle to understand the meaning of what’s happening in our
lives, we have Mary’s wonderful example of what it means to seek God
and His wisdom.

When we, like her, accept God’s leading in our lives, we have many new
things about His loving guidance to treasure and ponder in our hearts.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Father, guide us by Your Holy Spirit as we consider Your great love
and embrace Your plan for our lives.

Allow yourself a few minutes of quiet during this busy season to sit
and listen for what God might be saying to you.
