https://odb.org/2019/05/03/beyond-the-neighborhood/?utm_source=feedbur
ner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread
%29

Beyond the Neighborhood

Love your neighbor as yourself.
Mark 12:31

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 10:25–37

In the summer of 2017, Hurricane Harvey brought devastating losses of
life and property to the Gulf Coast of the US. Many people provided
food, water, clothing, and shelter for those in immediate need.

The owner of a piano store in Maryland felt prompted to do something
more. He considered how music could bring a special kind of healing
and sense of normalcy to people who had lost everything. So he and his
staff began to refurbish pre-owned pianos and to make inquiries to see
where the need was the greatest. That spring, Dean Kramer and his
wife, Lois, began the long trek to Houston, Texas, driving a truck
filled with free pianos to give to grateful families, churches, and
schools in the ravaged area.

We sometimes assume the word neighbor means someone who lives nearby
or at least is someone we know. But in Luke 10, Jesus told the parable
of the good Samaritan to teach that our love for our neighbors
shouldn’t have barriers. The man from Samaria freely gave to a wounded
stranger, even though the man was a Jew, part of a people group at
odds with the Samaritans (vv. 25–37).

When Dean Kramer was asked why he gave away all those pianos, he
explained simply: “We’re told to love our neighbors.” And it was Jesus
who said, “There is no commandment greater” (Mark 12:31) than to love
God and our neighbor.

By:  Cindy Hess Kasper

Reflect & Pray

In what way are you limiting your understanding of the word neighbor?
How might God be urging you to expand the borders of your
“neighborhood”?

Father, help me to look beyond borders and barriers, to see everyone
as my neighbor, and to love in generous ways as You have taught me.
