https://odb.org/2017/03/03/two-portraits/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Two Portraits

Now is your time of grief, but I will see you again and you will
rejoice, and no one will take away your joy.
John 16:22

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 16:19–24

Clutching two framed photographs, the proud grandmother showed them to
friends in the church foyer. The first picture was of her daughter
back in her homeland of Burundi. The second was of her grandson, born
recently to that daughter. But the daughter wasn’t holding her
newborn. She had died giving birth to him.

A friend approached and looked at the pictures. Reflexively, she
reached up and held that dear grandmother’s face in her hands. All she
could say through her own tears was, “I know. I know.”

And she did know. Two months earlier she had buried a son.

There’s something special about the comfort of others who have
experienced our pain. They know. Just before Jesus’s arrest, He warned
His disciples, “You will weep and mourn while the world rejoices.” But
in the next breath He comforted them: “You will grieve, but your grief
will turn to joy” (John 16:20). In mere hours, the disciples would be
devastated by Jesus’s arrest and crucifixion. But their crushing grief
soon turned to a joy they could not have imagined when they saw Him
alive again.

Isaiah prophesied of the Messiah, “Surely he took up our pain and bore
our suffering” (Isa. 53:4). We have a Savior who doesn’t merely know
about our pain; He lived it. He knows. He cares. One day our grief
will be turned into joy.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Lord, thank You for going to the cross for us. We certainly know
trouble in this world, but You overcame the world and took our sin and
pain for us. We look forward to the day when our sorrows will be
turned into joy and we see You face to face.

When we put our cares into His hands, He puts His peace into our
hearts.
