https://odb.org/2020/07/05/renewed-strength/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Renewed Strength

Praise the Lord . . . who satisfies your desires with good things.
Psalm 103:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 103:1–5

Psychiatrist Robert Coles once noticed a pattern in those who burn out
while serving others. The first warning sign is weariness. Next comes
cynicism about things ever improving, then bitterness, despair,
depression, and finally burnout.

After writing a book about recovering from broken dreams, I once
entered a busy season of conference speaking. Helping people find hope
after disappointment was richly rewarding, but came at a cost. One
day, about to step on stage, I thought I was going to faint. I hadn’t
slept well, a vacation hadn’t fixed my weariness, and the thought of
hearing another person’s problems afterward filled me with dread. I
was following Coles’ pattern.

Scripture gives two strategies for beating burnout. In Isaiah 40, the
weary soul is renewed when it hopes in the Lord (vv. 29–31). I needed
to rest in God, trusting Him to work, rather than pushing on in my own
dwindling strength. And Psalm 103 says God renews us by satisfying our
desires with good things (v. 5). While this includes forgiveness and
redemption (vv. 3–4), provisions of joy and play come from Him too.
When I reworked my schedule to include more prayer, rest, and hobbies
like photography, I began to feel healthy again.

Burnout begins with weariness. Let’s stop it from going further. We
serve others best when our lives include both worship and rest.

By:  Sheridan Voysey

Reflect & Pray

What burdens do you need to offload to God right now? How are you
renewing your strength through prayer, Scripture, and healthy play?

Loving God, I want to rise in strength like the eagle today. I trust
You to work in my exhausting situation, and receive Your soul-filling
gifts with gladness.
