http://odb.org/2016/09/02/how-to-carve-a-duck/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

How to Carve a Duck

For those God foreknew he also predestined to be conformed to the
image of his Son.
Romans 8:29

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 138:7–8; Ephesians 2:6–10

My wife, Carolyn, and I met Phipps Festus Bourne in 1995 in his shop
in Mabry Hill, Virginia. Bourne, who died in 2002, was a master wood
carver whose carvings are almost exact replicas of real objects.
“Carving a duck is simple,” he said. “You just look at a piece of
wood, get in your head what a duck looks like, and then cut off
everything that doesn’t look like it.”

So it is with God. He looks at you and me—blocks of rough
wood—envisions the Christlike woman or man hidden beneath the bark,
knots, and twigs and then begins to carve away everything that does
not fit that image. We would be amazed if we could see how beautiful
we are as finished “ducks.”

But first we must accept that we are a block of wood and allow the
Artist to cut, shape, and sand us where He will. This means viewing
our circumstances—pleasant or unpleasant—as God’s tools that shape us.
He forms us, one part at a time, into the beautiful creature He
envisioned in our ungainly lump of wood.

Sometimes the process is wonderful; sometimes it is painful. But in
the end, all of God’s tools conform us “to the image of his Son” (Rom.
8:29).

Do you long for that likeness? Put yourself in the Master Carver’s
hands.

By:  David H. Roper

Reflect & Pray

Father, You are the craftsman who shapes me. You are the one who knows
what shape my life should take. Thank You for carving me into the
image You have planned. Help me to trust that the pieces and parts
that You shave from me are the right ones.

Growing in Christ comes from a deepening relationship with Him.
