https://odb.org/2020/07/12/united-in-separation/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

United in Separation

Let’s not have any quarreling between you and me . . . for we are
close relatives.
Genesis 13:8

Today's Scripture & Insight: Genesis 13:1–9

Thrown into a project with his colleague Tim, Alvin faced a major
challenge: he and Tim had very different ideas of how to go about it.
While they respected each other’s opinions, their approaches were so
different that conflict seemed imminent. Before conflict broke out,
however, the two men agreed to discuss their differences with their
boss, who put them on separate teams. It turned out to be a wise move.
That day, Alvin learned this lesson: Being united doesn’t always mean
doing things together.

Abraham must have realized this truth when he suggested that he and
Lot go their separate ways in Bethel (Genesis 13:5–9). Seeing that
there wasn’t enough space for both their flocks, Abraham wisely
suggested parting company. But first, he stressed that they were
“close relatives” (v. 8), reminding Lot of their relationship. Then,
with the greatest humility, he let his nephew have the first choice
(v. 9) even though he, Abraham, was the senior man. It was, as one
pastor described it, a “harmonious separation.”

Being made uniquely by God, we may find that we sometimes work better
separately to achieve the same goal. There’s a unity in diversity. May
we never forget, however, that we’re still brothers and sisters in the
family of God. We may do things differently, but we remain united in
purpose.

By:  Leslie Koh

Reflect & Pray

How can humility help in a “harmonious separation”? How can you remain
united in purpose even when you disagree with someone on a disputable
matter? (Romans 14:1–10).

God, help me to work together with others in unity, and help me to
discern when it’s best to serve separately.
