http://odb.org/2011/09/01/find-the-book/

Find The Book

I have found the Book of the Law in the house of the Lord. —
2 Kings 22:8

Today's Scripture: 2 Kings 22:8–23:3

One Sunday at the church where I pastor, I invited three children to
find several scrolls with Bible verses written on them that I had
hidden in our worship center. I told them that once they found them
and read the words aloud, I would give them a prize. You should have
seen those kids! They ran, moved chairs, and looked under plants and
in purses (with permission). Their search for the scrolls was intense,
but exciting. Their diligent search and subsequent discovery of the
scrolls led to joy in the children, affirmation from our congregation,
and a renewed sense of the importance of God’s Word.

In 2 Kings 22–23, we read how King Josiah and the people of Judah
rediscovered the joy and importance of God’s Word. During the
repairing of the temple, Hilkiah the high priest found the Book of the
Law. It must have been lost or hidden during the reign of Manasseh.
Then when the scroll was read to King Josiah, he listened and
responded to it (vv.10-11). He sought further understanding of it
(vv.12-20), and he led the people to renew their commitment to its
importance in their lives (23:1-4).

Many today have unprecedented access to God’s Word. Let’s renew our
commitment to “find” it every day and by our lives show its
prominence.

By:  Marvin Williams

Reflect & Pray

O Book divine, supreme, sublime Entire, eternal, holy, true;
Sufficient for all men and time— We pledge our faith to thee anew.
—Anon.

To know Christ, the Living Word, is to love the Bible, the written
Word.
