https://odb.org/2019/04/22/second-wind-strength/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Second-Wind Strength

Come to me, all you who are weary and burdened, and I will give you
rest.
Matthew 11:28

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 40:27–31

At the age of fifty-four I entered the Milwaukee marathon with two
goals—to finish the race and to do it under five hours. My time would
have been amazing if the second 13.1 miles went as well as the first.
But the race was grueling, and the second-wind strength I’d hoped for
never came. By the time I made it to the finish line, my steady stride
had morphed into a painful walk.

Footraces aren’t the only things that require second-wind
strength—life’s race does too. To endure, tired, weary people need
God’s help. Isaiah 40:27–31 beautifully weds poetry and prophecy to
comfort and motivate people who need strength to keep going. Timeless
words remind fatigued and discouraged people that the Lord isn’t
detached or uncaring (v. 27), that our plight doesn’t escape His
notice. These words breathe comfort and assurance, and remind us of
God’s limitless power and bottomless knowledge (v. 28).

The second-wind strength described in verses 29–31 is just right for
us—whether we’re in the throes of raising and providing for our
families, struggling through life under the weight of physical or
financial burdens, or discouraged by relational tensions or spiritual
challenges. Such is the strength that awaits those who—through
meditating on the Scriptures and prayer—wait upon the Lord.

By:  Arthur Jackson

Reflect & Pray

When have life circumstances taken the wind out of you? In what
particular area do you need God’s strength today?

Lord, I come to You in my weakness and tiredness; please grant me
renewed strength.
