https://odb.org/2019/03/29/bright-lights/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Bright Lights

You are the light of the world.
Matthew 5:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: Philippians 2:12–18

In the summer of 2015, a group from our church was sobered by what we
saw in Mathare, one of the slums in Nairobi, Kenya. We visited a
school with dirt floors, rusting metal walls, and wooden benches. But
against the backdrop of extremely humble surroundings, one person
stood out.

Her name was Brilliant, and the name couldn’t have fit her better. She
was an elementary school teacher who possessed joy and determination
that matched her mission. Colorfully dressed, her appearance and the
joy with which she instructed and encouraged the children were
stunning.

The bright light Brilliant brought to her surroundings resembles the
way Christians in Philippi were to be positioned in their world when
Paul wrote to them in the first century. Against the background of a
spiritually needy world, believers in the Lord Jesus were to shine
“like stars in the sky” (Philippians 2:15). Our assignment hasn’t
changed. Bright lights are needed everywhere! How encouraging it is to
know that through the One “who works in you to will and to act in
order to fulfill his good purpose” (v. 13) believers in Jesus can
sparkle in ways that fit Jesus’s description of those who follow Him.
To us He still says, “You are the light of the world. . . . Let your
light shine before others, that they may see your good deeds and
glorify your Father in heaven” (Matthew 5:14–16).

By:  Arthur Jackson

Reflect & Pray

How can you reveal the light of Christ to others? What can you do to
bring His joy to those who desperately need it?

Light up your world by reflecting the light of Jesus. To learn more
about the world of the Bible, see our course at
christianuniversity.org/SF105.
