https://odb.org/2020/03/16/amazing-skill-2/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Amazing Skill

I praise you because I am fearfully and wonderfully made; your works
are wonderful, I know that full well.
Psalm 139:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 139:7–16

The leader of our college singing group directed the group and
accompanied us on the piano at the same time, skillfully balancing
those responsibilities. At the close of one concert, he looked
particularly weary, so I asked him if he was okay. He responded, “I’ve
never had to do that before.” Then he explained. “The piano was so out
of tune that I had to play the whole concert in two different keys—my
left hand playing in one key and my right hand in another!” I was
blown away by the startling skill he displayed, and I was amazed at
the One who creates humans to be capable of such things.

King David expressed an even greater sense of wonder when he wrote,
“Thank you for making me so wonderfully complex! Your workmanship is
marvelous—how well I know it” (Psalm 139:14 nlt ). Whether in people’s
abilities or nature’s marvels, the wonders of creation point us to the
majesty of our Creator.

One day, when we’re in God’s presence, people from every generation
will worship Him with the words, “You are worthy, our Lord and God, to
receive glory and honor and power, for you created all things, and by
your will they were created and have their being” (Revelation 4:11).
The amazing skills God gives us and the great beauty God has created
are ample reason to worship Him.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

What parts of God’s creation cause you to respond in worship? Why is
it important for you to thank and praise God for the skills He’s given
you?

How wonderful You are, God! I see Your fingerprints everywhere. Thank
You for all that You’ve made. To learn more about Psalm 139, listen to
discovertheword.org/series/search-me.
