https://odb.org/2019/03/25/electronic-gold-stars/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

The Blessing Is Coming

Let us not become weary in doing good, for at the proper time we will
reap a harvest if we do not give up.
Galatians 6:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: Galatians 6:7–10

A friend and I went for a walk with her grandkids. While pushing the
stroller, she commented that her steps were being wasted—they weren’t
being counted on the activity tracker she wore on her wrist because
she wasn’t swinging her arm. I reminded her that those steps were
still helping her physical health. “Yeah,” she laughed. “But I really
want that electronic gold star!”

I understand how she feels! Working toward something without immediate
results is disheartening. But rewards aren’t always immediate or
immediately visible.

When that’s the case, it’s easy to feel that the good things we do are
useless, even helping a friend or being kind to a stranger. Paul
explained to the church in Galatia, however, that “a man reaps what he
sows” (Galatians 6:7). But we must “not become weary in doing good,
for at the proper time we will reap a harvest” (v. 9). Doing good
isn’t the way to gain salvation, and the text doesn’t specify whether
what we reap will be now or in heaven, but we can be assured that
there will be “a harvest of blessing” (6:9 nlt ).

Doing good is difficult, especially when we don’t see or know what the
“harvest” will be. But as with my friend who still gained the physical
benefit from walking, it’s worth continuing to do good because the
blessing is coming!

By:  Julie Schwab

Reflect & Pray

Are you discouraged? Ask God to help you trust Him to be faithful in
what He’s called you to do. What good thing can you do for someone
today?

Not all rewards are immediate or visible.
