https://odb.org/2020/03/18/death-row-joy/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Death Row Joy

Though you do not see him now, you believe in him and are filled with
an inexpressible and glorious joy.
1 Peter 1:8

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Peter 1:3–9

In 1985 Anthony Ray Hinton was charged with the murders of two
restaurant managers. It was a set up—he’d been miles away when the
crimes happened—but he was found guilty and sentenced to death. At the
trial, Ray forgave those who lied about him, adding that he still had
joy despite this injustice. “After my death, I’m going to heaven,” he
said. “Where are you going?”

Life on death row was hard for Ray. Prison lights flickered whenever
the electric chair was used for others, a grim reminder of what lay
ahead. Ray passed a lie detector test but the results were ignored,
one of many injustices he faced getting his case reheard.

Finally, on Good Friday 2015, Ray’s conviction was overturned by the
US Supreme Court. He’d been on death row for nearly thirty
years. His life is a testament to the reality of God. Because of his
faith in Jesus, Ray had a hope beyond his trials (1 Peter 1:3–5) and
experienced supernatural joy in the face of injustice (v. 8). “This
joy that I have,” Ray said after his release, “they couldn’t ever take
that away in prison.” Such joy proved his faith to be genuine (vv.
7–8).

Death row joy? That’s hard to fabricate. It points us to a God who
exists even though He’s unseen and who’s ready to sustain us in our
own ordeals.

By:  Sheridan Voysey

Reflect & Pray

Reflect on others who’ve experienced God’s joy in their ordeals. What
have been the qualities of their faith? How can you bring God’s joy to
someone facing injustice right now?

God of all hope, fill us with Your joy and peace as we trust in You
despite our circumstances. We love You!
