https://odb.org/2020/01/03/god-waited/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_mediu
m=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

God Waited

The Lord longs to be gracious to you.
Isaiah 30:18

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 30:8–18

When Denise Levertov was just twelve, long before she became a
renowned poet, she had the gumption to mail a package of poetry to the
great poet T. S. Eliot. She then waited for a reply. Surprisingly,
Eliot sent two pages of handwritten encouragement. In the preface to
her collection The Stream and the Sapphire, she explained how the
poems “trace [her] own movement from agnosticism to Christian faith.”
It’s powerful, then, to recognize how one of the later poems
(“Annunciation”) narrates Mary’s surrender to God. Noting the Holy
Spirit’s refusal to overwhelm Mary and His desire for Mary to freely
receive the Christ child, these two words blaze at the poem’s center:
“God waited.”

In Mary’s story, Levertov recognized her own. God waited, eager to
love her. He would not force anything upon her. He waited. Isaiah
described this same reality, how God stood ready, eager with
anticipation, to shower Israel with tender love. “The Lord longs to be
gracious to you . . . to show you compassion” (30:18). He was ready to
flood His people with kindness, and yet God waited for them to
willingly receive what He offered (v. 19).

It’s a wonder that our Creator, the Savior of the world, chooses to
wait for us to welcome Him. The God who could so easily overpower us
practices humble patience. The Holy One waits for us.

By:  Winn Collier

Reflect & Pray

In what areas of your life has God been waiting for you? How might you
surrender to Him?

God, it boggles my mind that You wait for me. Wait? For me? This makes
me trust You, desire You. Please come. Give me Your full self.
