http://odb.org/2014/05/03/he-changed-my-life/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

He Changed My Life

Let the redeemed of the Lord say so, whom He has redeemed from the
hand of the enemy. —
Psalm 107:2

Today's Scripture: Psalm 107:1-16

Following the death of computer pioneer Steve Jobs in 2011, more than
one million people from around the world posted tributes to him
online. The common theme was how Jobs had changed their lives. They
said they lived differently because of his creative innovations, and
they wanted to express their appreciation and their sorrow. The screen
of one tablet computer said in large letters: iSad.

Gratitude fuels expression, which is exactly what Psalm 107 describes:
“Let the redeemed of the Lord say so, whom He has redeemed from the
hand of the enemy” (v.2). The theme of this psalm is people in great
trouble who were delivered by the Lord. Some were homeless and in need
(vv.4-5); some had rebelled against God’s Word (vv.10-11); others were
at their wits’ end when they cried out to God (vv.26-27). All were
rescued by God. “Oh, that men would give thanks to the Lord for His
goodness, and for His wonderful works to the children of men!”
(vv.8,15,21,31).

When we consider the greatness of God’s love, His grace in sending
Jesus Christ to die for us and rise again, and what He has delivered
us from, we cannot keep from praising Him and wanting to tell others
how He changed our lives!

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

O God, my heart is filled with praise for all that You have done for
me. You have changed the focus and purpose of my life because You sent
Your Son. Thank You.

Our gratitude to God for salvation fuels our witness to others.
