https://odb.org/2020/12/01/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Being There

They sat on the ground with [Job] for seven days and seven nights.
Job 2:13

Today's Scripture & Insight: Job 2:11–13

When Jen, a theme park employee, saw Ralph collapse in tears on the
ground, she rushed to help. Ralph, a young boy with autism, was
sobbing because the ride he’d waited all day to enjoy had broken down.
Instead of hurrying him to his feet or simply urging him to feel
better, Jen got down onto the ground with Ralph, validating his
feelings and allowing him the time to cry.

Jen’s actions are a beautiful example of how we can come alongside
those who are grieving or suffering. The Bible tells of Job’s
crippling grief after the loss of his home, his herds (his income),
his health, and the simultaneous deaths of his ten children. When
Job’s friends learned of his pain, they “set out from their homes . .
. [to go] comfort him” (Job 2:11). Job sat on the ground in mourning.
When they arrived, his friends sat down with him—for seven days—saying
nothing because they saw the depth of his suffering.

In their humanness, Job’s friends later offered Job insensitive
advice. But for the first seven days, they gave him the wordless and
tender gift of presence. We may not understand someone’s grief, but we
don’t need to understand in order to love them well by simply being
with them.

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

Who has been with you in difficult times? Who needs your presence
today?

God, I thank You for being with me always—in good times and bad. Help
me to offer that gift of presence to those You put in my path. To
learn more about helping hurting people, visit
ChristianUniversity.org/CC205.
