https://odb.org/2020/01/19/when-god-intervenes/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

When God Intervenes

Do not touch my anointed ones; do my prophets no harm.
Psalm 105:15

Today's Scripture & Insight: Numbers 23:13–23

In a poem titled “This Child Is Beloved,” Omawumi Efueye, known
affectionately as Pastor O, writes about his parents’ attempts to end
the pregnancy that would result in his birth. After several unusual
events that prevented them from aborting him, they decided to welcome
their child instead. The knowledge of God’s preservation of his life
motivated Omawumi to give up a lucrative career in favor of full-time
ministry. Today, he faithfully pastors a London church.

Like Pastor O, the Israelites experienced God’s intervention at a
vulnerable time in their history. While traveling through the
wilderness, they came within sight of King Balak of Moab. Terrified of
their conquests and their vast population, Balak engaged a seer named
Balaam to place a curse on the unsuspecting travelers (Numbers
22:2–6).

But something amazing happened. Whenever Balaam opened his mouth to
curse, a blessing issued instead. “I have received a command to bless;
he has blessed, and I cannot change it,” he declared. “No misfortune
is seen in Jacob, no misery observed in Israel. The Lord their God is
with them; . . . God brought them out of Egypt” (Numbers 23:20–22).
God preserved the Israelites from a battle they didn’t even know was
raging!

Whether we see it or not, God still watches over His people today. May
we worship in gratitude and awe the One who calls us blessed.

By:  Remi Oyedele

Reflect & Pray

How often do you stop to consider the daily protection God extends
over you? What does the knowledge that He saves you from unseen
dangers mean to you?

Father in heaven, forgive us for the many times we take Your care and
protection for granted. Give us eyes to see how much You bless us.
