http://odb.org/2017/01/12/nothing-hidden-2/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Nothing Hidden

Nothing in all creation is hidden from God’s sight.
Hebrews 4:13

Today's Scripture & Insight: Hebrews 4:12–16

In 2015 an international research company stated that there were 245
million surveillance cameras installed worldwide, and the number was
growing by 15 percent every year. In addition, multiplied millions of
people with smartphones capture daily images ranging from birthday
parties to bank robberies. Whether we applaud the increased security
or denounce the diminished privacy, we live in a global, cameras-
everywhere society.

The New Testament book of Hebrews says that in our relationship with
God, we experience a far greater level of exposure and accountability
than anything surveillance cameras may see. His Word, like a sharp,
two-edged sword, penetrates to the deepest level of our being where it
“judges the thoughts and attitudes of the heart. Nothing in all
creation is hidden from God’s sight. Everything is uncovered and laid
bare before the eyes of him to whom we must give account” (Heb.
4:12–13).

Because Jesus our Savior experienced our weaknesses and temptations
but did not sin, we can “approach God’s throne of grace with
confidence, so that we may receive mercy and find grace to help us in
our time of need” (vv. 15–16). We don’t need to fear Him but can be
assured we’ll find grace when we come to Him.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Nothing is hidden from God’s sight. Nothing is greater than God’s
love. Nothing is stronger than God’s mercy and grace. Nothing is too
hard for God’s power. Discover how you can develop and maintain a
meaningful prayer life. Read Jesus’ Blueprint for Prayer at
discoveryseries.org/hj891.

No part of our lives is hidden from God’s grace and power.
