https://odb.org/2019/12/09/our-guiding-light/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Our Guiding Light

You, Lord, are my lamp; the Lord turns my darkness into light.
2 Samuel 22:29

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Samuel 22:26–30

At a museum, I lingered near a display of ancient lamps. A sign
revealed they were from Israel. Decorated with carved designs, these
oval-shaped clay vessels had two openings—one for fuel, and one for a
wick. Although the Israelites commonly used them in wall alcoves, each
was small enough to fit in the palm of a person’s hand.

Perhaps a little light like this inspired King David to write a praise
song in which he said, “You Lord are my lamp; the Lord turns my
darkness into light” (2 Samuel 22:29). David sang these words after
God gave him victory in battle. Rivals from both inside and outside
his own nation had been stalking him, intending to kill him. Because
of his relationship with God, David didn’t cower in the shadows. He
moved forward into enemy confrontations with the confidence that comes
from God’s presence. With God helping him, he could see things clearly
so he could make good decisions for himself, his troops, and his
nation.

The darkness David mentioned in his song likely involved fear of
weakness, defeat, and death. Many of us live with similar worries,
which produce anxiety and stress. When the darkness presses in on us,
we can find peace because we know God is with us too. The divine flame
of the Holy Spirit lives in us to light our path until we meet Jesus
face to face.

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

Why can you trust God to help you with your fears? What can you do to
seek God’s guidance in your life?

God, please assure me of Your presence when I’m afraid. Help me to
remember that You’ve defeated spiritual darkness through Your death
and resurrection.
