https://odb.org/2019/06/13/only-a-gypsy-boy/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Only a Gypsy Boy

You are a chosen people, a royal priesthood, a holy nation, God’s
special possession.
1 Peter 2:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Peter 2:4–10

“Oh, it’s only a gypsy boy,” someone whispered with disgust when
Rodney Smith walked to the front of the chapel to receive Christ
during a service in 1877. Nobody thought much of this teenager, the
son of uneducated gypsy parents. Yet, Rodney didn’t listen to those
voices. He was certain that God had a purpose for his life so he
bought himself a Bible and an English dictionary and taught himself
how to read and write. He once said, “The way to Jesus is not by
Cambridge, Harvard, Yale, or the poets. It is . . . an old-fashioned
hill called Calvary.” Against all odds, Rodney became an evangelist
who God used to bring many to Jesus in the UK and US.

Peter too was just a simple man—untrained in the religious rabbinic
schools (Acts 4:13), a fisherman from Galilee—when Jesus called him
with two simple words: “Follow me” (Matthew 4:19). Yet the same Peter,
despite his upbringing and the failures he experienced along the way,
later affirmed that those who follow Jesus are “a chosen people, a
royal priesthood, a holy nation, God’s special possession” (1 Peter
2:9).

Through Jesus Christ all people—whatever their education, upbringing,
gender, or ethnicity—can be a part of the family of God and be used by
Him. Becoming God’s “special possession” is for all who believe in
Jesus.

By:  Estera Pirosca Escobar

Reflect & Pray

What does it mean for you to be part of a chosen people, a royal
priesthood, God’s special possession? How are you encouraged by the
fact that God can use you for His honor?

God, I thank You that my identity is found in You.
