https://odb.org/2018/01/15/pursuing-unity/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Pursuing Unity

Here there is no Gentile or Jew, circumcised or uncircumcised,
barbarian, Scythian, slave or free, but Christ is all, and in all.
Colossians 3:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: Colossians 3:9–17

Growing up during the 1950s, I never questioned racism and the
segregation practices that permeated daily life in the city where we
lived. In schools, restaurants, public transportation, and
neighborhoods, people with different shades of skin color were
separated.

My attitude changed in 1968 when I entered US Army Basic Training. Our
company included young men from many different cultural groups. We
soon learned that we needed to understand and accept each other, work
together, and accomplish our mission.

When Paul wrote to the first-century church at Colossae, he was well
aware of the diversity of its members. He reminded them, “Here there
is no Gentile or Jew, circumcised or uncircumcised, barbarian,
Scythian, slave or free, but Christ is all, and in all” (Colossians
3:11). In a group where surface as well as deeper differences could
easily divide people, Paul urged them to “clothe [themselves] with
compassion, kindness, humility, gentleness and patience” (v. 12). And
over all these virtues, he told them to put on love “which binds them
all together in perfect unity” (v. 14).

Putting these principles into practice may often be a work in
progress, but that is what Jesus calls us to. What we as believers
hold in common is our love for Him. On that basis, we pursue
understanding, peace, and unity as members of the body of Christ.

Amid all our wonderful diversity, we pursue an even greater unity in
Christ.

By:  David C. McCasland

This article may not have a prayer section.




