http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/odb/feed/~3/N24xcmzjYrs/

Imperfect, Yet Loved

God demonstrates his own love for us in this: While we were still
sinners, Christ died for us.
Romans 5:8

Today's Scripture: Luke 7:36–50

In Japan, food products are immaculately prepared and packaged. Not
only must they taste good but they must look good too. Often I wonder
if I am purchasing the food or the packaging! Because of the Japanese
emphasis on good quality, products with slight defects are often
discarded. However, in recent years wakeari products have gained
popularity. Wakeari means “there is a reason” in Japanese. These
products are not thrown away but are sold at a cheap price “for a
reason”—for example, a crack in a rice cracker.

My friend who lives in Japan tells me that wakeari is also a
catchphrase for people who are obviously less than perfect.

Jesus loves all people—including the wakeari who society casts aside.
When a woman who had lived a sinful life learned that Jesus was eating
at a Pharisee’s house, she went there and knelt behind Jesus at His
feet, weeping (Luke 7:37–38). The Pharisee labeled her “a sinner” (v.
39), but Jesus accepted her. He spoke gently to her, assuring her that
her sins were forgiven (v. 48).

Jesus loves imperfect, wakeari people—which includes you and me. And
the greatest demonstration of His love for us is that “while we were
still sinners, Christ died for us” (Rom. 5:8). As recipients of His
love, may we be conduits of His love to the flawed people around us so
they too may know that they can receive God’s love despite their
imperfections.

By:  Albert Lee

Reflect & Pray

I know I’m not perfect, Lord, so help me not to be hypocritical and
pretend I have it all together. Open my heart to others in acceptance
and love so that they might know Jesus’s concern for them.

Broken people are made whole by God’s love.
