http://odb.org/2016/11/15/do-i-matter/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_mediu
m=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Do I Matter?

[Christ Jesus] made himself nothing by taking the very nature of a
servant.
Philippians 2:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ecclesiastes 1:1–11

I stand in the cashier line of the local supermarket and look around
me. I see teenagers with shaved heads and nose rings looking through
the snack foods; a young professional buying one steak, a few twigs of
asparagus, and a sweet potato; an elderly woman pondering the peaches
and strawberries. Does God know all these people by name? I ask
myself. Do they really matter to Him?

The Maker of all things is the Maker of all human beings, and each of
us is deemed worthy of His individual attention and love. God
demonstrated that love in person on the gnarly hills of Israel and
ultimately on the cross.

When Jesus visited earth in the form of a servant, He showed that the
hand of God is not too big for the smallest person in the world. It is
a hand engraved with our individual names and engraved also with
wounds, the cost to God of loving us so much.

Now, when I find myself wallowing in self-pity, overwhelmed by the
ache of loneliness that is articulated so well in books like Job and
Ecclesiastes, I turn to the Gospel accounts of Jesus’s stories and
deeds. If I conclude that my existence “under the sun” (Eccl. 1:3)
makes no difference to God, I contradict one of the main reasons God
came to earth. To the question Do I matter? Jesus is indeed the
answer.

By:  Philip Yancey

Reflect & Pray

Father, when we are overwhelmed by the ache of loneliness and pain, we
can run only to You. Jesus showed us how much we matter to You, and we
thank You!

The Good Shepherd lays down his life for the sheep.  Jesus
