https://odb.org/2019/03/09/welcoming-strangers/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Welcoming Strangers

You are to love those who are foreigners, for you yourselves were
foreigners in Egypt.
Deuteronomy 10:19

Today's Scripture & Insight: Deuteronomy 10:12–19

When my friends lived in Moldova, one of the poorest countries in
Europe, they were overwhelmed by the warm welcome they received there,
especially from other Christians. Once they took some clothes and
provisions to a couple from their church who were very poor, yet who
were fostering several children. The couple treated my friends like
honored guests, giving them sweet tea and, despite their protests,
something to eat. As my friends left with gifts of watermelons and
other fruits and vegetables, they marveled at the hospitality they
experienced.

These believers embody the welcome that God commanded His people, the
Israelites, to exhibit. He instructed them “to walk in obedience to
him, to love him, to serve the Lord your God with all your heart and
with all your soul” (Deuteronomy 10:12). How could the Israelites live
this out? The answer comes a few verses later: “You are to love those
who are foreigners, for you yourselves were foreigners in Egypt” (v.
19). By welcoming strangers, they would be serving and honoring God;
and in showing them love and care, they would demonstrate their trust
in Him.

Our circumstances might differ from the Moldovans or the Israelites,
but we too can live out our love for God through our welcome to
others. Whether through opening our homes or smiling a greeting to
those we meet, we can extend God’s care and hospitality in a lonely,
hurting world.

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

When you receive the gift of hospitality, how does that affect you?
When you think about welcoming someone, does a specific person come to
mind?

Believers show God’s love through the gift of welcome.
