https://odb.org/2021/04/05/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Anchored in Truth

I will drive him like a peg into a firm place.
Isaiah 22:23

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 22:15–20, 22–25

My family lives in a nearly century-old house with a lot of character,
including wonderfully textured plaster walls. A builder cautioned me
that with these walls, to hang a picture I’d have to either drill the
nail into a wood support or use a plaster anchor for support.
Otherwise, I’d risk the picture crashing to the ground, leaving an
ugly hole behind.

The prophet Isaiah used the imagery of a nail driven firmly into a
wall to describe a minor biblical character named Eliakim. Unlike the
corrupt official Shebna (Isaiah 22:15–19), as well as the people of
Israel—who looked to themselves for strength (vv. 8–11)—Eliakim
trusted in God. Prophesying Eliakim’s promotion to palace
administrator for King Hezekiah, Isaiah wrote that Eliakim would be
driven like a “peg into a firm place” (v. 23). Being securely anchored
in God’s truth and grace would also allow Eliakim to be a support for
his family and his people (vv. 22–24).

Yet Isaiah concluded this prophecy with a sobering reminder that no
person can be the ultimate security for friends or family—we all fail
(v. 25). The only completely trustworthy anchor for our lives is Jesus
(Psalm 62:5–6; Matthew 7:24). As we care for others and share their
burdens, may we also point them to Him, the anchor who will never
fail.

By:  Lisa M. Samra

Reflect & Pray

How can you stay firmly anchored in God’s truth and grace? In what
ways can you support those feeling weighed down by life’s burdens?

Dear Jesus, thank You for being my anchor. As Your child, I know that
I’m firmly planted in You.   Read Navigating the Storms of Life at
DiscoverySeries.org/HP061.
