http://odb.org/2015/08/24/coming-alongside/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Coming Alongside

Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, . . . who
comforts us in all our tribulation, that we may be able to comfort
those who are in any trouble.
2 Corinthians 1:3-4

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Corinthians 1:3-11

When my sister Carole was diagnosed with breast cancer, our family
worried. That diagnosis, with its surgeries and treatments, caused us
to fear for her well-being, which drove our family to prayer on her
behalf. Over the ensuing months, Carole’s updates were honest about
the challenges. But we all celebrated when the report came back that
the surgery and treatments had been successful. Carole was on the road
to recovery!

Then, less than a year later, my sister Linda faced the same battle.
Immediately, Carole came alongside Linda, helping her understand what
to expect and how to prepare for what she would face. Carole’s
experience had equipped her to walk with Linda through her own trial.

This is what Paul calls for in 2 Corinthians 1:3-4, where we read,
“Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of
mercies and God of all comfort, who comforts us in all our
tribulation, that we may be able to comfort those who are in any
trouble, with the comfort with which we ourselves are comforted by
God.”

Thankfully, the Lord doesn’t waste anything. Our struggles not only
give us an opportunity to experience His comfort, but they also open
the door for us to share that comfort with others in their struggles.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Today, how can I be an encouragement to others whose hearts are
weighed down by the cares of life?

God’s presence brings us comfort; our presence brings others comfort.
