http://odb.org/2016/11/19/skywatcher/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium
=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Skywatcher

He . . . brings out the starry host one by one and calls forth each of
them by name.
Isaiah 40:26

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 40:21–31

Unsettled by issues at work and at home, Matt decided to take a walk.
The evening spring air beckoned. As the infinite sky deepened from
blue to black, a thickening fog spilled slowly over the marsh. Stars
began to glimmer, heralding the full moon rising in the east. The
moment, for Matt, was deeply spiritual. He’s there, he thought. God is
there, and He’s got this.

Some people look at the night sky and see nothing but nature. Others
see a god as distant and cold as Jupiter. But the same God who “sits
enthroned above the circle of the earth” also “brings out the starry
host one by one and calls forth each of them by name” (Isa. 40:22,
26). He knows His creation intimately.

It is this personal God who asked His people, “Why do you say, Israel,
‘My way is hidden from the Lord; my cause is disregarded by my God’?”
Aching for them, God reminded them of the wisdom in seeking Him. “Do
you not know? Have you not heard? . . . He gives strength to the weary
and increases the power of the weak” (vv. 27–29).

We are easily tempted to forget God. Our problems won’t disappear with
an evening stroll, but we can find rest and certainty that God is
always working toward His good purposes. “I’m here,” He says. “I’ve
got you.”

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Thank You, Lord, for a night sky that helps us glimpse eternity. We
can’t begin to understand it fully, but we know it is there, and we
know You are there. Help us trust You for what we don’t know.

We should give God the same place in our hearts that He holds in the
universe.
