http://odb.org/2011/09/26/a-firm-foundation/

A FIRM Foundation

These words which I command you . . . you shall teach them diligently
to your children. —
Deuteronomy 6:6-7

Today's Scripture: Deuteronomy 6:1-9

Before she was 2 years old, my granddaughter Katie did something that
would make any grandpa proud: She began to recognize cars by make and
year. This all started when she and her daddy began spending time
together playing with his old collection of toy cars. Daddy would say,
“Katie, get the 1957 Chevy,” and she would pick it out of the hundreds
of tiny cars. And once, while he was reading a Curious George book to
her, she climbed down from his lap and ran to get a miniature Rolls
Royce—an exact replica of the car pictured in the book.

If a 2-year-old child can make such connections, doesn’t that show the
importance of teaching children the right things early on? We can do
this by using what I call the FIRM principle: Familiarity, Interest,
Recognition, and Modeling. This follows Moses’ pattern in Deuteronomy
6 of taking every opportunity to teach biblical truths so that
children become familiar with them and make them a part of their
lives. Using their interests as teaching opportunities, we repeat
Bible stories so they become recognizable, while modeling a godly life
before them.

Let’s give the children in our lives a FIRM foundation by teaching
them about God’s love, Christ’s salvation, and the importance of godly
living.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

O give us homes built firm upon the Savior, Where Christ is Head and
Counselor and Guide, Where every child is taught His love and favor
And gives his heart to Christ, the crucified. —Hart

Build your children’s lives on the firm foundation of the Word.
