https://odb.org/2020/11/06/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Sweetest Harvest

I am the vine; you are the branches. If you remain in me and I in you,
you will bear much fruit.
John 15:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 5:1–7

When we purchased our home, we inherited an established grapevine. As
gardening novices, my family invested considerable time learning how
to prune, water, and care for it. When our first harvest came, I
popped a grape from the vine into my mouth—only to be disappointed
with an unpleasant, sour taste.

The frustration I felt about painstakingly tending a grapevine, only
to have a bitter harvest, echoes the tone of Isaiah 5. There we read
an allegory of God’s relationship to the nation of Israel. God,
pictured as a farmer, had cleared the hillside of debris, planted good
vines, built a watchtower for protection, and crafted a press to enjoy
the results of His harvest (Isaiah 5:1–2). To the farmer’s dismay, the
vineyard, representing Israel, produced sour-tasting grapes of
selfishness, injustice, and oppression (v. 7). Eventually, God
reluctantly destroyed the vineyard while saving a remnant of vines
that someday would produce a good harvest.

In the gospel of John, Jesus revisits the vineyard illustration,
saying, “I am the vine; you are the branches. If you remain in me and
I in you, you will bear much fruit” (John 15:5). In this parallel
imagery, Jesus pictures believers in Him as grapevine branches
connected to Him, the main vine. Now, as we remain connected to Jesus
through prayerful reliance on His Spirit, we have direct access to the
spiritual nourishment that will produce the sweetest fruit of all,
love.

By:  Lisa M. Samra

Reflect & Pray

How does remaining connected to Jesus produce love in your life? What
are the other blessings of being connected to Him?

Jesus, thank You for creating good fruit in my life as I remain
connected to You. May Your life flow through me to produce an even
greater harvest of love.
