https://odb.org/2019/04/04/watch-out/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium
=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Watch Out!

Be alert and of sober mind. Your enemy the devil prowls around like a
roaring lion looking for someone to devour.
1 Peter 5:8

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Peter 5:6–11

I grew up in warm southern cities, so when I moved north, it took me a
while to learn how to drive safely during the long, snowy months.
During my first hard winter, I ended up stranded in a snowdrift three
times! But after several years of practice, I began to feel
comfortable driving in wintry conditions. In fact, I felt a little too
comfortable. I stopped being as vigilant. And that’s when I hit a
patch of black ice and skidded into a telephone pole on the side of
the road!

Thankfully, no one was hurt, but I learned something important that
day. I realized how dangerous it can be to feel comfortable. Instead
of being watchful, I had gone on “autopilot.”

We need to practice that same kind of vigilance in our spiritual
lives. Peter warns believers not to glide thoughtlessly through life,
but to “be alert” (1 Peter 5:8). The devil is actively trying to
destroy us, and so we too need to be active, resisting temptation and
standing firm in our faith (v. 9). That’s not something we have to do
on our own though. God promises to be with us in our sufferings
and, ultimately, to make us “strong, firm and steadfast” (v. 10). By
His power, we learn to remain watchful and alert in resisting evil and
following Him.

By:  Amy Peterson

Reflect & Pray

Where do you need to be more alert? In what ways will you stay
vigilant in following Jesus?

God, keep me from growing lazy or too comfortable in my
spiritual life. Help me to remain watchful and alert so that I can
resist temptation!
