https://odb.org/2021/05/02/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

What Can’t Be Seen

Faith is confidence in what we hope for and assurance about what we do
not see.
Hebrews 11:1

Today's Scripture & Insight: Hebrews 11:1–6

Historians say the Atomic Age began on July 16, 1945, when the first
nuclear weapon was detonated in a remote desert of New Mexico. But
Greek philosopher Democritus (c. 460–370 bc ) was exploring the
existence and power of the atom long before the invention of anything
that could even see these tiny building blocks of the universe.
Democritus comprehended more than he could see and atomic theory was
the result.

The Scriptures tell us that the essence of faith is embracing what
can’t be seen. Hebrews 11:1 affirms, “Now faith is confidence in what
we hope for and assurance about what we do not see.” This assurance
isn’t the result of wishful or positive thinking. It’s confidence in
the God we can’t see but whose existence is the truest reality in the
universe. His reality is displayed in His creative works (Psalm 19:1)
and made visible by revealing His invisible character and ways in His
Son, Jesus, who came to show the Father’s love to us (John 1:18).

This is the God in whom “we live and move and have our being,” as the
apostle Paul put it (Acts 17:28). As such, “we live by faith, not by
sight” (2 Corinthians 5:7). Yet we don’t walk alone. The unseen God
walks with us every step of the way.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

In a world where seeing is believing, in what ways do you struggle to
live by faith in God? What has strengthened your faith, and in what
areas do you need to rest in Him more fully?

Father, sometimes it’s a struggle to believe what I can’t see.
Nevertheless, You’ve promised Your faithful love and that You’ll never
leave me or forsake me. Help me to rest in that promise.
