http://odb.org/2014/08/11/power-of-simplicity/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Power Of Simplicity

Then one of the scribes came, and . . . asked Him, “Which is the first
commandment of all?” —
Mark 12:28

Today's Scripture & Insight: Mark 12:28-34

Few people take time to study the US Internal Revenue Service income
tax regulations—and for good reason. According to Forbes magazine, in
2013 tax codes surpassed the four million-word mark. In fact, the tax
laws have become so complex that even the experts have a hard time
processing all the regulations. It’s burdensome in its complexity.

The religious leaders in ancient Israel did the same thing in their
relationship with God. They made it too complex with laws. The growing
burden of religious regulations had increased to the point where even
an expert in Moses’ law struggled to understand its core. When one
such leader asked Jesus what mattered most in the Commandments, Jesus
responded, “‘You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart,
with all your soul, with all your mind, and with all your strength.’
This is the first commandment. And the second, like it, is this: ‘You
shall love your neighbor as yourself.’ There is no other commandment
greater than these” (Mark 12:30-31).

The law of Moses was burdensome, but faith in Christ is simple and His
“burden is light” (Matt. 11:30). It’s light because God was willing to
forgive us and love us. Now He enables us to love Him and our
neighbor.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

I love Thee because Thou hast first loved me, And purchased my pardon
on Calvary’s tree; I love Thee for wearing the thorns on Thy brow; If
ever I loved Thee, my Jesus, ’tis now. —Featherstone

God’s love in our heart gives us a heart for Him and others.
