http://odb.org/2014/07/16/feeling-chained/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Feeling Chained?

I have learned in whatever state I am, to be content. —
Philippians 4:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 16

Boethius lived in sixth-century Italy and served the royal court as a
highly skilled politician. Unfortunately, he fell into disfavor with
the king. He was accused of treason and imprisoned. While awaiting
execution, he asked for writing materials so he could compose his
reflections. Later, these became an enduring spiritual classic on
consolation.

As Boethius sat in prison, pondering his bleak prospects, his faith in
Christ infused his perspective: “Nothing is miserable but what is
thought so, and contrariwise, every estate is happy if he that bears
it be content.” He understood that our view of changing circumstances
and contentment is a personal choice.

The apostle Paul reinforced the idea that the way we view our
circumstances is more important than the circumstances themselves.
While he too was in prison, he wrote: “I have learned in whatever
state I am, to be content” (Phil. 4:11). Both men could be content
because they drew their ultimate satisfaction from God, who never
changes.

Do you feel chained to difficult circumstances? God can give you
contentment. Lasting satisfaction can be found only with Him, for in
His “presence is fullness of joy; at [His] right hand are pleasures
forevermore” (Ps. 16:11).

By:  Dennis Fisher

Reflect & Pray

Lord, lead me today as You see best. Use the gifts You’ve given me to
encourage others on their journey. Help me not to compare myself with
others but to be content.

When all you have is God, you have all you need.
