http://odb.org/2015/10/21/pride-at-the-core/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Pride at the Core

Ezra . . . was a teacher well versed in the Law of Moses.
Ezra 7:6

Today's Scripture: Ezra 9:1-9

“He thinks he’s really something!” That was my friend’s assessment of
a fellow Christian we knew. We thought we saw in him a spirit of
pride. We were saddened when we learned that he soon was caught in
some serious misdeeds. By elevating himself, he had found nothing but
trouble. We realized that could happen to us as well.

It can be easy to minimize the terrible sin of pride in our own
hearts. The more we learn and the more success we enjoy, the more
likely we are to think we’re “really something.” Pride is at the core
of our nature.

In Scripture, Ezra is described as “a teacher well versed in the Law
of Moses” (Ezra 7:6). King Artaxerxes appointed him to lead an
expedition of Hebrew exiles back to Jerusalem. Ezra could have been a
prime candidate to succumb to the sin of pride. Yet he didn’t. Ezra
didn’t only know God’s law; he lived it.

After his arrival in Jerusalem, Ezra learned that Jewish men had
married women who served other gods, defying God’s express directions
(9:1-2). He tore his clothes in grief and prayed in heartfelt
repentance (vv. 5-15). A higher purpose guided Ezra’s knowledge and
position: his love for God and for His people. He prayed, “Here we are
before you in our guilt, though because of it not one of us can stand
in your presence” (v. 15).

Ezra understood the scope of their sins. But in humility he repented
and trusted in the goodness of our forgiving God.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Lord, fill us with such a love for You that we think first of what
will please You, not ourselves. Free us from the subtle captivity of
our own pride.

Pride leads to every other vice: It is the complete anti-God state of
mind. C. S. Lewis
