https://odb.org/2017/04/06/what-lasts-forever/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

What Lasts Forever?

You remain the same, and your years will never end.
Psalm 102:27

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 102:25–28

My friend, who had gone through many difficulties recently, wrote, “As
I reflect on the past four semesters of student life, so many things
have changed . . . . It is scary, really scary. Nothing stays
forever.”

Indeed, many things can happen in two years—a career change, newfound
friendship, illness, death. Good or bad, a life-altering experience
may be lurking just around the corner, waiting to pounce! We simply
don’t know. What great comfort, then, to know that our loving heavenly
Father does not change.

The psalmist says, “You remain the same, and your years will never
end” (Ps. 102:27). The implication of this truth is immense. It means
that God is forever loving, just, and wise. As Bible teacher Arthur W.
Pink so wonderfully states: “Whatever the attributes of God were
before the universe was called into existence, they are precisely the
same now, and will remain so forever.”

In the New Testament, James writes, “Every good and perfect gift is
from above, coming down from the Father of the heavenly lights, who
does not change like shifting shadows” (James 1:17). In our changing
circumstances, we can be assured that our good God will always be
consistent to His character. He is the source of everything good, and
everything He does is good.

It may seem that nothing lasts forever, but our God will remain
consistently good to those who are His own.

By:  Poh Fang Chia

Reflect & Pray

Lord, You are the One who never changes, and You are so good to us.
Calm our hearts today with the grace and peace that come only from
You.

The One who holds the universe together will not let go of you.
