https://odb.org/2019/04/08/winners-and-losers-2/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Unexpected Winners

Many who are first will be last.
Matthew 19:30

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 19:17–30

Perhaps the most preposterous, spellbinding moment in the 2018 Winter
Olympics was when the Czech Republic’s world champion snowboarder
Ester Ledecka won an event in a completely different sport: skiing!
And she took the first-place gold medal even though she had the
unenviable position of skiing 26th—a feat believed to be basically
impossible.

Amazingly, Ledecka qualified to race the women’s super-G—an event that
combines downhill skiing with a slalom course. After she won by .01 of
a second on borrowed skis, she was just as shocked as the media and
other contestants who had assumed the winner would be one of the top
skiers.

This is how the world works. We assume the winners will keep winning
while all the others will lose. It was a jolt, then, when the
disciples heard Jesus say how “hard [it is] for someone who is rich to
enter the kingdom of heaven” (Matthew 19:23). Jesus turned everything
upside down. How could being rich (a winner) offer a roadblock?
Apparently, if we trust in what we have (what we can do, who we are),
then it’s not only hard but actually impossible to trust God.

The kingdom of God doesn’t play by our rules. “Many who are first,”
Jesus says, “will be last, and many who are last will be first” (v.
30). And, whether you’re first or last, everything we receive is
purely by grace—by God’s unmerited favor.

By:  Winn Collier

Reflect & Pray

Consider how you view people, or how you view your own life. How does
Jesus’s way of seeing so-called losers and winners change your
perspective?

Winning and losing are turned upside down in God’s kingdom.
