http://odb.org/2013/09/23/confidence-in-troubled-times/?utm_source=fee
dburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+B
read%29

Confidence In Troubled Times

He who dwells in the secret place of the Most High shall abide under
the shadow of the Almighty. —
Psalm 91:1

Today's Scripture: Psalm 91

Some kids love to brag about their dads. If you eavesdrop on
neighborhood conversations, you’ll hear children saying, “My dad is
bigger than your dad!” or “My dad is smarter than your dad!” But the
best brag of all is, “My dad is stronger than your dad!” This boast is
usually in the context of a warning that if kids are threatening you,
they’d better beware, because your dad can come and take them all
down, including their dads!

Believing your dad is the strongest guy on the block inspires a lot of
confidence in the face of danger. This is why I love the fact that God
our Father is almighty. That means that no one can match His strength
and power. Better still, it means that you and I “abide under the
shadow of the Almighty” (Ps. 91:1). So, it’s no wonder the psalmist
can confidently say that he will not “be afraid of the terror by
night, nor of the arrow that flies by day” (v.5).

Regardless of what today may bring or the trouble you are now going
through, don’t forget that your God is stronger than anything in your
life. So, be confident! The shadow of His all-prevailing presence
guarantees that His power can turn even the worst situation into
something good.

By:  Joe Stowell

Reflect & Pray

Father God, in the midst of my trouble, teach me to rest in the fact
that You are almighty. Thank You for the confidence I have that You
are stronger than anything that threatens my life.

God is greater than our greatest problem.
