https://odb.org/2020/07/14/playing-the-fool/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Playing the Fool

God opposes the proud but shows favor to the humble.
James 4:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: James 4:4–12

My most humiliating experience ever was the day I addressed the
faculty, students, and friends of a seminary on its fifty-year
anniversary. I approached the lectern with my manuscript in hand and
looked out on a vast crowd, but my eye fell on the distinguished
professors seated in the front row, garbed in academic gowns and
looking very serious. I immediately took leave of my senses. My mouth
dried up and detached itself from my brain. I fumbled the first few
sentences and then I began to improvise. Since I had no idea where I
was in my lecture, I began frantically turning pages, while talking a
line of nonsense that baffled everyone. Somehow I made it through,
crept back to my chair, and stared at the floor. I wanted to die.

However, I learned that humiliation can be a good thing if it leads to
humility, for this is the key that opens God’s heart. The Scriptures
say, “God opposes the proud but shows favor to the humble” (James
4:6). He showers the humble with grace. God Himself said, “These are
the ones I look on with favor: those who are humble and contrite in
spirit, and who tremble at my word” (Isaiah 66:2). As we humble
ourselves before God, He lifts us up (James 4:10).

Humiliation and shame can bring us to God for His shaping. When we
fall, we have fallen into His hands.

By:  David H. Roper

Reflect & Pray

What was your most humiliating and embarrassing moment? What good
thing did you see come from it?

Loving God, help me to accept humiliation if it in some way brings
honor and glory to You.
