http://odb.org/2015/05/14/listening-with-love/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Listening With Love

Everyone who exalts himself will be humbled, and he who humbles
himself will be exalted. —
Luke 18:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 18:9-14

One August evening in Vermont, a young missionary spoke at our small
church. The country where he and his wife served was in religious
turmoil, and it was considered too dangerous for children. In one of
his stories, he told us about a heart-wrenching episode when his
daughter pleaded with him not to leave her behind at a boarding
school.

I was a new dad at that time, having recently been blessed with a
daughter, and the story upset me. How could loving parents leave their
daughter alone like that? I muttered to myself. By the time the talk
was finished, I was so worked up that I ignored the offer to visit
with the missionary. I charged out of the church, saying out loud as I
left: “I’m sure glad I’m not like . . .”

In that instant, the Holy Spirit stopped me cold. I couldn’t even
finish the sentence. Here I was, saying almost word for word what the
Pharisee said to God: “I thank You that I am not like other men” (Luke
18:11). How disappointed I was in myself! How disappointed God must
have been! Since that evening, I’ve asked God to help me listen to
others with humility and restraint as they pour their hearts out in
confession, profession, or pain.

By:  Randy Kilgore

Reflect & Pray

Lord, may we be quick to listen and slow to speak and to judge. A
proud attitude so easily infects our lives. Give us instead a humility
that reflects Your heart and love.

We don’t get closer to God by passing judgment on others.
