http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/odb/feed/~3/IoBmWnIJVbs/

Bearing Good Fruit

That person is like a tree planted by streams of water, which yields
its fruit in season.
Psalm 1:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 1:1–3

The view from my airplane window was striking: a narrow ribbon of
ripening wheat fields and orchards wending between two barren
mountains. Running through the valley was a river—life-giving water,
without which there would be no fruit.

Just as a bountiful harvest depends on a source of clean water, the
quality of the “fruit” in my life—my words, actions, and
attitude—depends on my spiritual nourishment. The psalmist describes
this in Psalm 1: The person “whose delight is in the law of the Lord .
. . is like a tree planted by streams of water, which yields its fruit
in season” (vv. 1–3). And Paul writes in Galatians 5 that those who
walk in step with the Spirit are marked by “love, joy, peace,
forbearance, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness, and self-
control” (vv. 22–23).

Sometimes my perspective on my circumstances turns sour, or my actions
and words become persistently unkind. There is no good fruit, and I
realize I haven’t spent time being quiet before the words of my God.
But when the rhythm of my days is rooted in reliance on Him, I bear
good fruit. Patience and gentleness characterize my interactions with
others; it’s easier to choose gratitude over complaint.

The God who has revealed Himself to us is our source of strength,
wisdom, joy, understanding, and peace (Ps. 119:28, 98, 111, 144, 165).
As we steep our souls in the words that point us to Him, the work of
God’s Spirit will be evident in our lives.

By:  Peter W. Chin

This article may not have a prayer section.




