https://odb.org/2019/11/03/new-humanity/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

New Humanity

When they heard this sound, a crowd came together in bewilderment,
because each one heard their own language being spoken.
Acts 2:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: Acts 2:1–12

While I was visiting London’s Tate Modern gallery, one piece of art
caught my attention. Created by Brazilian artist Cildo Meireles, it
was a giant tower made of hundreds of old radios. Each radio was
turned on and tuned to a different station, creating a cacophony of
confusing, indecipherable speech. Meireles called the sculpture Babel.

The title is appropriate. At the original tower of Babel, God thwarted
humanity’s attempt to seize heaven by confusing mankind’s languages
(Genesis 11:1–9). No longer able to communicate with one another,
humanity fractured into tribes of various dialects (vv. 10–26).
Divided by language, we’ve struggled to understand each other ever
since.

There’s a second part to the story. When the Holy Spirit came upon the
first Christians at Pentecost, He enabled them to praise God in the
various languages of those visiting Jerusalem that day (Acts 2:1–12).
Through this miracle, everyone heard the same message, no matter their
nationality or language. The confusion of Babel was reversed.

In a world of ethnic and cultural division, this is good news. Through
Jesus, God is forming a new humanity from every nation, tribe, and
tongue (Revelation 7:9). As I stood at Tate Modern, I imagined all
those radios suddenly tuning to a new signal and playing the same song
to all in the room: “Amazing grace, how sweet the sound.”

By:  Sheridan Voysey

Reflect & Pray

How does your shared faith with believers of other nationalities bring
you together despite your differences? How can you help create
harmony?

God is breaking down barriers to form a new humanity.
