https://odb.org/2018/04/14/into-our-storms/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Into Our Storms

He got up, rebuked the wind and said to the waves, “Quiet! Be still!”
Then the wind died down and it was completely calm.
Mark 4:39

Today's Scripture & Insight: Mark 4:35–41

Wind howled, lightning flashed, waves crashed. I thought I was going
to die. My grandparents and I were fishing on a lake, but we’d stayed
out too long. As the sun set, a fast-moving squall swept over our
small boat. My grandfather instructed me to sit in front to keep it
from capsizing. Terror flooded my heart. But then, somehow, I began to
pray. I was fourteen.

I asked God for His reassurance and protection. The storm didn’t
weaken, but we made it to shore. To this day, I don’t know if I’ve
experienced a deeper certainty of God’s presence than that night in
the storm.

Jesus is no stranger to storms. In Mark 4:35–41, He told His disciples
to head across a lake that would soon turn windy and wild. The storm
that night tested and bested these rugged fishermen. They too thought
they were going to die. But Jesus calmed the water and then led His
disciples to deeper faith.

Likewise, Jesus invites us to trust Him in our storms. Sometimes He
miraculously stills the winds and the waves. Sometimes He does
something equally miraculous: He steadies our hearts and helps us to
trust Him. He asks us to rest in the belief that He has the power to
say to the waves, “Quiet! Be still!”

By:  Adam R. Holz

Reflect & Pray

Lord, the storms of our lives sometimes seem like they will swamp us.
Help us trust that You are the Master of the storm, to place our faith
in You when life’s winds blow fiercely.

No danger can come so near that God is not nearer still.
