https://odb.org/2017/11/27/knowing-better/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Knowing Better

When the king heard the words of the Book of the Law, he tore his
robes.
2 Kings 22:11

Today's Scripture: 2 Kings 22:1–4, 8–13

When we brought our adoptive son home from overseas, I was eager to
shower him with love and provide what he had lacked over the preceding
months, especially quality food, since he had a nutritional deficit.
But despite our best efforts, including consulting specialists, he
grew very little. After nearly three years, we learned he had some
severe food intolerances. After removing those items from his diet, he
grew five inches in just a few months. While I grieved at how long I’d
unwittingly fed him foods that impaired his growth, I rejoiced at this
surge in his health!

I suspect Josiah felt similarly when the Book of the Law was
discovered after having been lost in the temple for years. Just as I
grieved having unintentionally hindered my son’s growth, Josiah
grieved having ignorantly missed God’s fullest and best intentions for
His people (2 Kings 22:11). Although he is commended for doing what
was right in the eyes of the Lord (v. 2), he learned better how to
honor God after finding the Law. With his newfound knowledge, he led
the people to worship again as God had instructed them (23:22–23).

As we learn through the Bible how to honor Him, we may grieve the ways
we’ve fallen short of God’s will for us. Yet we can be comforted that
He heals and restores us, and leads us gently into deeper
understanding.

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

Thank You, God, for showing me how to live in a way that pleases You.
I’m sorry for the ways I’ve not done that in the past. Help me to
honor and obey You now.

God gives us a new start.
