http://odb.org/2016/05/26/like-sheep/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium
=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Like Sheep

We all, like sheep, have gone astray, each of us has turned to our own
way.
Isaiah 53:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 53:1-6

One of my daily chores when I lived with my grandfather in northern
Ghana was taking care of sheep. Each morning I took them out to
pasture and returned by evening. That was when I first noticed how
stubborn sheep can be. Whenever they saw a farm, for instance, their
instinct drove them right into it, getting me in trouble with the
farmers on a number of occasions.

Sometimes when I was tired from the heat and resting under a tree, I
observed the sheep dispersing into the bushes and heading for the
hills, causing me to chase after them and scratching my skinny legs in
the shrubs. I had a hard time directing the animals away from danger
and trouble, especially when robbers sometimes raided the field and
stole stray sheep.

So I quite understand when Isaiah says, “We all, like sheep, have gone
astray, each of us has turned to our own way” (53:6). We stray in many
ways: desiring and doing what displeases our Lord, hurting other
people by our conduct, and being distracted from spending time with
God and His Word because we are too busy or lack interest. We behave
like sheep in the field.

Fortunately for us, we have the Good Shepherd who laid down His life
for us (John 10:11) and who carries our sorrows and our sins (Isa.
53:4-6). And as our shepherd, He calls us back to safe pasture that we
might follow Him more closely.

By:  Lawrence Darmani

Reflect & Pray

Shepherd of my soul, I do wander at times. I’m grateful that You’re
always seeking me to bring me back to Your side.

If you want God to lead you, be willing to follow.
