https://odb.org/2017/07/02/all-the-work/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Taking Shortcuts

Whoever wants to be my disciple must deny themselves and take up their
cross daily and follow me.
Luke 9:23

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 9:57–62

Sipping her tea, Nancy gazed out her friend’s window and sighed.
Spring rains and sunshine had coaxed a riotous expanse of color from a
well-groomed flowerbed of lilies, phlox, irises, and evening primrose.

“I want that look,” she said wistfully, “without all the work.”

Some shortcuts are fine—even practical. Others short-circuit our
spirit and deaden our lives. We want romance without the difficulties
and messiness of committing to someone so different from ourselves. We
want “greatness” without the risks and failures necessary in the
adventure of real life. We desire to please God, but not when it
inconveniences us.

Jesus made clear to His followers that there is no shortcut that
avoids the hard choice of surrendering our lives to Him. He warned a
prospective disciple, “No one who puts a hand to the plow and looks
back is fit for service in the kingdom of God” (Luke 9:62). To follow
Christ requires a radical altering of our loyalties.

When we turn in faith to Jesus, the work just begins. But it is oh-so-
worth-it, for He also told us that no one who sacrifices “for me and
the gospel will fail to receive a hundred times as much in this
present age . . . and in the age to come eternal life” (Mark
10:29–30). The work of following Christ is difficult, but He’s given
us His Spirit and the reward is a full, joyful life now and forever.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Father, I will find the strength to do the work You have for me to do,
only as I rely on Your Holy Spirit. Help me, please, to be sensitive
to that today.

Most things worth doing are difficult.
