https://odb.org/2020/08/03/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Battle’s Over. Really.

We were . . . buried with him.
Romans 6:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 6:1–11

For twenty-nine years after World War II ended, Hiroo Onoda hid in the
jungle, refusing to believe his country had surrendered. Japanese
military leaders had dispatched Onoda to a remote island in the
Philippines (Lubang) with orders to spy on the Allied forces. Long
after a peace treaty had been signed and hostilities ceased, Onoda
remained in the wilderness. In 1974, Onoda’s commanding officer
traveled to the island to find him and convince him the war was over.

For three decades, Onoda lived a meager, isolated existence, because
he refused to surrender—refused to believe the conflict was done. We
can make a similar mistake. Paul proclaims the stunning truth that
“all of us who were baptized into Christ Jesus were baptized into his
death” (Romans 6:3). On the cross, in a powerful, mysterious way,
Jesus put to death Satan’s lies, death’s terror, and sin’s tenacious
grip. Though we’re “dead to sin” and “alive to God” (v. 11), we often
live as though evil still holds the power. We yield to temptation,
succumbing to sin’s seduction. We listen to lies, failing to trust
Jesus. But we don’t have to yield. We don’t have to live in a false
narrative. By God’s grace we can embrace the true story of Christ’s
victory.

While we’ll still wrestle with sin, liberation comes as we recognize
that Jesus has already won the battle. May we live out that truth in
His power.

By:  Winn Collier

Reflect & Pray

How are you tempted to believe that death and sin still hold power
over your life? Where can you see Christ’s victory already present in
the world?

Jesus, I know You’ve won the battle over evil and darkness. Would You
help me to live this out?
