https://odb.org/2021/03/06/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Minding My Own Business

Mind your own business and work with your hands.
1 Thessalonians 4:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Thessalonians 4:9–12

Years ago, my son Josh and I were making our way up a mountain trail
when we spied a cloud of dust rising in the air. We crept forward and
discovered a badger busy making a den in a dirt bank. He had his head
and shoulders in the hole and was vigorously digging with his front
paws and kicking the dirt out of the hole with his hind feet. He was
so invested in his work he didn’t hear us.

I couldn’t resist and prodded him from behind with a long stick lying
nearby. I didn’t hurt the badger, but he leaped straight up in the air
and turned toward us. Josh and I set new world records for the
hundred-yard dash.

I learned something from my brashness: Sometimes it’s best not to poke
around in other people’s business. That’s especially true in
relationships with fellow believers in Jesus. The apostle Paul
encouraged the Thessalonians to “make it your ambition to lead a quiet
life: You should mind your own business and work with your hands” (1
Thessalonians 4:11). We’re to pray for others and seek by God’s grace
to share the Scriptures, and occasionally we may be called to offer a
gentle word of correction. But learning to live a quiet life and not
meddling into others’ lives is important. It becomes an example to
those who are now outside God’s family (v. 12). Our calling is to
“love each other” (v. 9).

By:  David H. Roper

Reflect & Pray

What happens when you meddle in other people’s business? What’s the
first thing you should do instead for others?

God, teach me to know what it means to love others better.
