https://odb.org/2020/05/02/community-memory/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Community Memory

He took bread, gave thanks and broke it, and gave it to them, saying,
“This is my body given for you.”
Luke 22:19

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 22:14–23

In his book Restless Faith, theologian Richard Mouw talks about the
importance of remembering the lessons of the past. He quotes
sociologist Robert Bellah, who said that “healthy nations must be
‘communities of memory.’ ” Bellah extended that principle to other
societal bonds such as families. Remembering is an important part of
living in community.

The Scriptures teach the value of community memory as well. The
Israelites were given the Passover feast to remind them of what God
had done to rescue them from slavery in Egypt (see Exodus 12:1–30).
Still today, Jewish people around the world revisit that rich
community memory every spring.

Passover holds great meaning for followers of Christ too, for Passover
has always pointed to the work of the Messiah on the cross. It was
during Passover, the night before the cross, that Jesus established
His own memorial table. Luke 22:19 records, “He took bread, gave
thanks and broke it, and gave it to them, saying, ‘This is my body
given for you; do this in remembrance of me.’”

Every time we gather at the Lord’s Table to celebrate Communion, we
remember that Christ rescued us from slavery to sin and provided us
with eternal life. May the rescuing love of Jesus remind us that His
cross is worth remembering—together.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Why is it valuable to take Communion with other believers in Jesus?
How does the shared event remind you of Jesus’ sacrificial love?

Thank You, Father, for the gift of Your Son. Thank You also that He
has given us a tangible way to remember His sacrifice whenever we
gather at the Table. Read For This He Came: Jesus’ Journey to the
Cross at discoveryseries.org/hp191.
