https://odb.org/2020/06/25/deep-rooted-faith/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Deep-Rooted Faith

The seed falling on good soil refers to someone who hears the word and
understands it.
Matthew 13:23

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 13:18–23

The Holy Oak, towering next to Basking Ridge Presbyterian Church in
New Jersey for more than three hundred years, had to be removed after
more than six hundred years of life. At its prime, the twisting
branches spanned high and wide. Cool breezes rustled its green leaves
and acorns. The sun peeked through wind-blown gaps, creating dancing
glimmers of light in the shade below its canopy. But beneath the
ground’s surface lay its true magnificence—its root system. An oak’s
main root grows vertically, securing a reliable supply of nourishment.
From that taproot, a mass of roots spreads horizontally to supply the
tree with a lifetime of moisture and nutrients. This intricate root
system often grows more massive than the tree it supports and serves
as a lifeline and an anchor for stabilizing the trunk.

Like the mighty oak, most of our life-giving growth occurs beneath the
surface. When Jesus explained the parable of the sower to His
disciples, He emphasized the importance of being firmly planted in a
personal relationship with the Father. As we grow in the knowledge of
God as revealed through the Scriptures, our faith roots are sustained
by His Spirit. God helps His followers thrive through ever-changing
circumstances, trials, persecution, and worry (Matthew 13:18–23).

Our loving Father nourishes our hearts with His Word. As His Spirit
transforms our character, He makes sure the fruit of our deep-rooted
faith becomes evident to people around us.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

What can you do this week to ensure your heart will be good soil
nourished by God’s Word? What fruit of deep-rooted faith have you seen
become evident in your life over the last year?

Loving Father, please change me from the inside out and anchor me in
faith rooted deep in the unchanging Scriptures.
