https://odb.org/2017/10/12/the-good-shepherd/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Good Shepherd

He gathers the lambs in his arms and carries them close to his heart.
Isaiah 40:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 40:6–11

I sat in the hospital room with my husband, waiting anxiously. Our
young son was having corrective eye surgery and I felt the butterflies
jostle in my stomach as I fretted and worried. I tried to pray, asking
God to give me His peace. As I leafed through my Bible, I thought
about Isaiah 40, so I turned to the familiar passage, wondering if
anything fresh would strike me.

As I read, I caught my breath, for the words from so many years ago
reminded me that the Lord “tends his flock like a shepherd” as He
“gathers the lambs in his arms and carries them close to his heart”
(v. 11). In that moment my anxiety left me as I realized the Lord was
holding us, leading us, and caring for us. That was just what I
needed, Lord, I breathed silently. I felt enveloped in God’s peace
during and after the surgery (which thankfully went well).

The Lord promised His people through the prophet Isaiah that He would
be their shepherd, guiding them in their daily lives and giving them
comfort. We too can know His gentle tending as we tell Him our anxious
thoughts and seek His love and peace. We know that He is our Good
Shepherd, holding us close to His heart and carrying us in His
everlasting arms.

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

Lord Jesus Christ, You are the Good Shepherd who lays down His life
for His sheep. Thank You for the gift of Your sacrificial love and for
the peace that passes all understanding. Read Oswald Chamber's
thoughts on worry.

The Good Shepherd cares for His sheep.
