https://odb.org/2017/04/04/his-word-the-last-word/?utm_source=feedburn
er&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%
29

His Word the Last Word

On my bed I remember you; I think of you through the watches of the
night. Because you are my help, I sing in the shadow of your wings.
Psalm 63:6–7

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 63:1–11

Dawson Trotman, a dynamic Christian leader of the mid-twentieth
century and founder of The Navigators, emphasized the importance of
the Bible in the life of every Christian. Trotman ended each day with
a practice he called “His Word the last word.” Before going to sleep
he meditated on a memorized Bible verse or passage, then prayed about
its place and influence in his life. He wanted the last words he
thought about each day to be God’s words.

The psalmist David wrote, “On my bed I remember you; I think of you
through the watches of the night. Because you are my help, I sing in
the shadow of your wings”  (Ps. 63:6–7). Whether we are in great
difficulty or enjoying a time of peace, our last thought at night can
ease our minds with the rest and comfort God gives. It may also set
the tone for our first thought the next morning.

A friend and his wife conclude each day by reading aloud a Bible
passage and daily devotional with their four children. They welcome
questions and thoughts from each child and talk about what it means to
follow Jesus at home and school. They call it their version of “His
Word the last word” for each day.

What better way to end our day!

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Thank You Father, for Your Word in our hearts and our minds—our last
thought at night as we rest securely in You. Do you have a favorite
verse you have committed to memory? Share it on
Facebook.com/ourdailybread.

The Spirit of God renews our minds when we meditate on the Word of
God.
