https://odb.org/2018/06/16/as-advertised/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

As Advertised

In this world you will have trouble. But take heart! I have overcome
the world.
John 16:33

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 16:25–33

During a vacation, my husband and I signed up for a leisurely rafting
tour down Georgia’s Chattahoochee River. Dressed in sandals, a
sundress, and a wide brimmed hat, I groaned when we
discovered—contrary to the advertisement—that the trip included light
rapids. Thankfully, we rode with a couple experienced in whitewater
rafting. They taught my husband the basics of paddling and promised to
navigate us safely to our destination. Grateful for my life jacket, I
screamed and gripped the plastic handle on the raft until we reached
the muddy bank downriver. I stepped onto the shore and dumped water
from my purse as my husband helped me wring out the hem of my soaked
dress. We enjoyed a good laugh, even though the trip had not turned
out as advertised.

Unlike the tour brochure, which clearly left out a key detail about
the trip, Jesus explicitly warned His disciples that rough waters were
ahead. He told them that they’d be persecuted and martyred and that He
would die and be resurrected. He also guaranteed His trustworthiness,
affirming that He would guide them toward undeniable triumph and
everlasting hope (John 16:16–33).

Although it would be nice if life were easier when we follow Jesus, He
made it clear that His disciples would have troubles. But He promised
to be with us. Trials won’t define, limit, or destroy God’s plan for
us, because Jesus’s resurrection has already propelled us to eternal
victory.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

Lord, thank You for the promises in Your Word that assure us You’ve
planned our path and remain with us and for us, no matter what comes.

Jesus promises to be with us through the roughest waters.
