https://odb.org/2020/05/06/impossible-forgiveness/?utm_source=feedburn
er&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%
29

Impossible Forgiveness

Father, forgive them.
Luke 23:34

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 23:32–43

Liberators found the following prayer crumpled among the remains of
the Ravensbruck concentration camp where Nazis exterminated nearly
50,000 women: O Lord, remember not only the men and women of goodwill,
but also those of ill will. But do not remember the suffering they
have inflicted upon us. Remember the fruits we brought thanks to this
suffering—our comradeship, our loyalty, our humility, the courage, the
generosity, the greatness of heart which has grown out of this. And
when they come to judgment, let all the fruits that we have borne be
their forgiveness.

I can’t imagine the fear and pain inflicted on the terrorized woman
who wrote this prayer. I can’t imagine what kind of inexplicable grace
these words required of her. She did the unthinkable: she sought God’s
forgiveness for her oppressors.

This prayer echoes Christ’s prayer. After being wrongly accused,
mocked, beaten, and humiliated before the people, Jesus was “crucified
. . . along with [two] criminals” (Luke 23:33). Hanging, with
mutilated body and gasping for breath, from a rough-hewn cross, I
would expect Jesus to pronounce judgment on His tormentors, to seek
retribution or divine justice. However, Jesus uttered a prayer
contradicting every human impulse: “Father, forgive them, for they do
not know what they are doing” (v. 34).

The forgiveness Jesus offers seems impossible, but He offers it to us.
In His divine grace, impossible forgiveness spills free.

By:  Winn Collier

Reflect & Pray

How has God’s impossible forgiveness changed you? How can we help
others experience true forgiveness in Him?

God, Your forgiveness is a strange, impossible thing. In our pain,
it’s hard to imagine this possibility. Help us. Teach us Your love.
