https://odb.org/2019/12/10/desperate-faith/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Grace at the End

Daughter, your faith has healed you. Go in peace and be freed from
your suffering.
Mark 5:34

Today's Scripture & Insight: Mark 5:25–34

Artist Doug Merkey’s masterful sculpture Ruthless Trust features a
bronze human figure clinging desperately to a cross made of walnut
wood. He writes, “It’s a very simple expression of our constant and
appropriate posture for life—total, unfettered intimacy with and
dependency upon Christ and the gospel.”

That’s the kind of trust we see expressed in the actions and words of
the unnamed woman in Mark 5:25–34. For twelve years her life had been
in shambles (v. 25). “She had suffered a great deal under the care of
many doctors and had spent all she had, yet instead of getting better
she grew worse” (v. 26). But having heard about Jesus, she made her
way to Him, touched Him, and was “freed from her suffering” (vv.
27–29).

Have you come to the end of yourself? Have you depleted all your
resources? Anxious, hopeless, lost, distressed people need not
despair. The Lord Jesus still responds to desperate faith—the kind
displayed by this suffering woman and depicted in Merkey’s sculpture.
This faith is expressed in the words of hymn writer Charles Wesley:
“Father, I stretch my hands to Thee; no other help I know.” Don’t have
that kind of faith? Ask God to help you trust Him. Wesley’s hymn
concludes with this prayer: “Author of faith, to Thee I lift my weary,
longing eyes; O may I now receive that gift! My soul, without it,
dies.”

By:  Arthur Jackson

Reflect & Pray

When have you desperately clung to Christ? How did God meet your need?

Father, thank You for Your power to rescue me. Help me to trust You to
meet all my needs.
