https://odb.org/2020/01/05/shining-the-light/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Shining the Light

You are the light of the world. A town built on a hill cannot be
hidden.
Matthew 5:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 5:14–16

Stephen told his parents that he needed to get to school early every
day, but for some reason he never explained why it was so important.
Yet they made sure he arrived at Northview High School by 7:15 each
morning.

On a wintry day during his junior year, Stephen was in a car accident
that sadly took his life. Later, his mom and dad found out why he’d
been going to school so early. Each morning he and some friends had
gathered at the school entrance to greet other students with a smile,
a wave, and a kind word. It made all students—even those who weren’t
popular—feel welcomed and accepted.

A believer in Jesus, Stephen wanted to share His joy with those who
desperately needed it. His example lives on as a reminder that one of
the best ways to shine the light of Christ’s love is by gestures of
kindness and through a welcoming spirit.

In Matthew 5:14–16, Jesus reveals that in Him we’re “the light of the
world” and “a town built on a hill” (v. 14). Ancient cities were often
built of white limestone, truly standing out as they reflected the
blazing sun. May we choose not to be hidden but to give light “to
everyone in the house” (v. 15).

And as we “let [our] light shine before others” (v. 16), may they
experience the welcoming love of Christ.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

What’s one way you could be more welcoming to the lonely and needy
around you? How can the Holy Spirit help you be a city set on a hill
for others to see?

Heavenly Father, thank You for Stephen’s example. Like him, help me to
show kindness and a welcoming spirit to everyone I meet.
