http://odb.org/2014/09/16/a-heart-for-prayer/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Heart For Prayer

When You said, “Seek My face,” my heart said to You, “Your face, Lord,
I will seek.” —
Psalm 27:8

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 27:7-14

While traveling on an airplane with her 4- and 2-year-old daughters, a
young mom worked at keeping them busy so they wouldn’t disturb others.
When the pilot’s voice came over the intercom for an announcement,
Catherine, the younger girl, paused from her activities and put her
head down. When the pilot finished, she whispered, “Amen.” Perhaps
because there had been a recent natural disaster, she thought the
pilot was praying.

Like that little girl, I want a heart that turns my thoughts toward
prayer quickly. I think it would be fair to say that the psalmist
David had that kind of heart. We get hints of that in Psalm 27 as he
speaks of facing difficult foes (v.2). He said, “Your face, Lord, I
will seek” (v.8). Some say that David was remembering the time he was
fleeing from Saul (1 Sam. 21:10) or from his son Absalom (2 Sam.
15:13-14) when he wrote this psalm. Prayer and dependence on God were
in the forefront of David’s thinking, and he found Him to be his
sanctuary (Ps. 27:4-5).

We need a sanctuary as well. Perhaps reading or praying this psalm and
others could help us to develop that closeness to our Father-God. As
God becomes our sanctuary, we’ll more readily turn our hearts toward
Him in prayer.

By:  Anne Cetas

Reflect & Pray

Teach me, Father, what it means to run to and have You as my
sanctuary. Help me not to worry about the words I say, but just to
express my heart to You and to nestle down close to You.

In prayer, God can still our hearts and quiet our minds.
