https://odb.org/2018/03/22/peppermint-ice-cream-pie/?utm_source=feedbu
rner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Brea
d%29

Passing on the Legacy

Then we your people, the sheep of your pasture, will praise you
forever; from generation to generation we will proclaim your praise.
Psalm 79:13

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 79:8–13

My phone beeped, indicating an incoming text. My daughter wanted my
grandmother’s recipe for Peppermint Ice Cream Pie. As I thumbed
through the yellowed cards in my aged recipe box, my eyes spotted the
unique handwriting of my grandmother—and several jotted notes in the
small cursive of my mother. It occurred to me that with my daughter’s
request, Peppermint Ice Cream Pie would make its entrance into a
fourth generation within my family.

I wondered, What other family heirlooms might be handed down
generation to generation? What about choices regarding faith? Besides
the pie, would the faith of my grandmother—and my own—play out in the
lives of my daughter and her offspring?

In Psalm 79, the psalmist bemoans a wayward Israel, which has lost its
faith moorings. He begs God to rescue His people from the ungodly and
to restore Jerusalem to safety. This done, he promises a restored—and
ongoing—commitment to God’s ways. “Then we your people, the sheep of
your pasture, will praise you forever; from generation to generation
we will proclaim your praise” (v. 13).

I eagerly shared the recipe, knowing my grandmother’s dessert legacy
would enjoy a new layer in our family. And I prayed sincerely for the
most lasting hand-me-down of all: the influence of our family’s faith
on one generation to the next.

By:  Elisa Morgan

Reflect & Pray

What is your family passing down to the next generation? Share with us
on Facebook.com/ourdailybread.

Sharing and living out our faith is the best way to leave a legacy.
