https://odb.org/2020/07/02/talking-bananas/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Talking Bananas

[Barnabas] encouraged them all to remain true to the Lord with all
their hearts.
Acts 11:23

Today's Scripture & Insight: Acts 11:19–26

Never give up. Be the reason someone smiles. You’re amazing. It isn’t
where you came from—it’s where you’re going that counts. Some
schoolchildren in Virginia Beach, Virginia, found these messages and
more written on bananas in their lunchroom. Cafeteria manager Stacey
Truman took the time to write the encouraging notes on the fruit,
which the kids dubbed “talking bananas.”

This caring outreach reminds me of Barnabas’ heart for the “spiritual
youngsters” in the ancient city of Antioch (Acts 11:22–24). Barnabas
was famous for his ability to inspire people. Known as a good man,
full of faith and the Holy Spirit, he prompted the new believers to
“remain true to the Lord with all their hearts” (v. 23). I imagine he
spent time with those he wanted to help, saying things like: Keep
praying. Trust the Lord. Stay close to God when life is hard.

New believers, like children, need loads of encouragement. They’re
full of potential. They’re discovering what they’re good at. They may
not fully realize what God wants to do in and through them, and often
the enemy works overtime to prevent their faith from flourishing.

Those of us who’ve walked with Jesus for a while understand how hard
living for Jesus can be. May all of us be able to give and receive
encouragement as God’s Spirit guides us and reminds us of spiritual
truth.

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

How has God encouraged you in the past? How might God want to work
through you to inspire someone?

Heavenly Father, give me someone to encourage today. Show me what to
say and how to meet this person’s needs so that You’ll be glorified.
