https://odb.org/2019/09/12/tongue-tamers/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Tongue Tamers

Do not let any unwholesome talk come out of your mouths, but only what
is helpful for building others up.
Ephesians 4:29

Today's Scripture & Insight: James 3:1–6

In West with the Night, author Beryl Markham detailed her work with
Camciscan, a feisty stallion she was tasked with taming. She’d met her
match with Camciscan. No matter what strategy she employed, she could
never fully tame the proud stallion, chalking up only one victory over
his stubborn will.

How many of us feel this way in the battle to tame our tongues? While
James compares the tongue to the bit in a horse’s mouth or a ship’s
rudder (James 3:3–5), he also laments, “Out of the same mouth come
praise and cursing. My brothers and sisters, this should not be” (v.
10).

So, how can we win the battle over the tongue? The apostle Paul offers
tongue-taming advice. The first involves speaking only the truth
(Ephesians 4:25). This is not a license to be painfully blunt,
however. Paul follows up with “do not let any unwholesome talk come
out of your mouths, but only what is helpful for building others up”
(v. 29). We can also take out the trash: “Get rid of all bitterness,
rage and anger, brawling and slander, along with every form of malice”
(v. 31). Is this easy? Not if we attempt to do it on our own.
Thankfully, we have the Holy Spirit who helps us as we rely on Him.

As Markham learned, consistency with Camciscan was needed in the
battle of wills. Such is the case in the taming of the tongue.

By:  Linda Washington

Reflect & Pray

What do you find most challenging in taming your tongue? What
practical steps can you take to win the battle in the coming week?

Jesus, I need You to help me be mindful of the words I use.
