http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/odb/feed/~3/BD1FaHLULa0/

The “No-Secret” Secret

I do not understand what I do. For what I want to do I do not do, but
what I hate I do.
Romans 7:15

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 7:14–25

A coworker confessed to me that he didn’t think he was “Jesus
material.” I listened as he described what he called his “comfortable,
narcissistic” life, and how it didn’t satisfy him. “But here’s my
problem, I’ve been trying to be good, even caring, but it isn’t
working. It seems that the very things I want to do, I can’t do, and
the things I want to stop doing, I just keep doing.”

“What’s your secret?” he asked me in complete sincerity. “My secret,”
I answered, “is that there is no secret. I’m as powerless to live up
to God’s standards as you are, which is why we need Jesus.”

I pulled out a Bible and showed him “his” quote as the apostle Paul
expressed it in Romans 7:15. Paul’s words of frustration often
resonate with both pre-Christians and Christians who find themselves
trying to be good enough to deserve God but falling short. Maybe it
resonates with you. If so, Paul’s declaration that Christ is the
author of our salvation and its resulting changes (7:25–8:2) should
thrill you. Jesus has already done the work to free us from the very
things that have us so puzzled with ourselves!

The barrier between us and God, the barrier of sin, has been removed
without any work on our part. Salvation—and the changes made by the
Holy Spirit in the process of our growth—is what God desires for all.
He knocks on the door of our souls. Answer His knock today. It’s no
secret that He’s the answer!

By:  Randy Kilgore

Reflect & Pray

See christianuniversity.org/NT225 for more study on the book of
Romans.

Without Jesus, salvation and spiritual growth are both gifts beyond
our reach.
