https://odb.org/2021/01/03/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Moving at the Speed of Jesus

“Lord,” Martha said to Jesus, “if you had been here, my brother would
not have died.”
John 11:21

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 11:14–27

Recently, my car needed work. The mechanic’s shop was close, a mile
from my home. So I decided to just walk home. But as I shuffled along
next to a bustling thoroughfare, I noticed something: Everyone else
was moving so fast.

This isn’t rocket science. Cars go faster than pedestrians. Zip, zip,
zip! As I ambled home, I had a realization: We’re so used to moving
fast. All the time. Then, another realization: I often expect God to
move just as quickly. I want His plans to fit my speedy timetable.

When Jesus lived on earth, His seemingly slow pace sometimes
disappointed His friends. In John 11, Mary and Martha sent word that
their brother, Lazarus, was sick. They knew Jesus could help (vv.
1–3). But He arrived some four days later (v. 17), after Lazarus had
died. “ ‘Lord,’ Martha said to Jesus, ‘if you had been here, my
brother would not have died’ ” (v. 21). Translation: Jesus didn’t move
fast enough. But He had bigger plans: raising Lazarus from the dead
(vv. 38–44).

Can you relate to Martha’s desperation? I can. Sometimes, I long for
Jesus to move more quickly to answer a prayer. Sometimes, it seems
like He’s late. But Jesus’ sovereign schedule is different from ours.
He accomplishes His saving work on His timetable, not ours. And the
ultimate outcome displays His glory and goodness in ways that are so
much greater than our plans.

By:  Adam R. Holz

Reflect & Pray

When have you been disappointed that Jesus seemingly didn’t answer a
prayer, only to realize He was accomplishing something bigger? How did
that realization affect your perception of God and His sovereignty?

Father, sometimes I get so impatient. Help me to trust in Your perfect
timing and to cling to Your goodness in faith. To learn more about the
life of Christ, visit ChristianUniversity.org/NT111.
