http://odb.org/2014/11/02/hands-off/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=
feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Hands Off!

Be still, and know that I am God. —
Psalm 46:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 46

I remember bobbing for apples when I was a child, a game that required
me to have my hands tied behind my back. Trying to grab a floating
apple with my teeth without the use of my hands was a frustrating
experience. It reminded me of the vital importance of our hands—we eat
with them, greet with them, and use them to do just about anything
that is vital to our existence.

When I read Psalm 46:10, I find it interesting that God says, “Be
still, and know that I am God.” The Hebrew word for “still” means to
“cease striving,” or, literally, “to put our hands at our side.” At
first glance this seems to be a rather risky piece of advice, since
our first instinct in trouble is to keep our hands on the situation
and control it to our advantage. God in essence is saying, “Hands off!
Let Me deal with your problem, and rest assured that the outcome is in
My hands.”

But knowing when to take our hands off and let God work can make us
feel vulnerable. Unless, that is, we believe that God is indeed “our
refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble” (v.1) and that
“the Lord of hosts is with us; the God of Jacob is our refuge” (v.7).
In the midst of trouble, we can rest in God’s care.

By:  Joe Stowell

Reflect & Pray

Lord, forgive me for always wanting to manage my own affairs. Teach me
to trust in Your wise and timely intervention in my life and to keep
my hands out of Your way.

When we put our problems in God’s hands, He puts His peace in our
hearts.
