https://odb.org/2019/03/10/rescue-mission/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Greatest Rescue Mission

The Son of Man came to seek and to save the lost.
Luke 19:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 19:1–10

On February 18, 1952, a massive storm split the SS Pendleton, a tanker
ship, into two pieces about ten miles off the Massachusetts coast.
More than forty sailors were trapped inside the ship’s sinking stern
in the midst of fierce winds and violent waves.

When word of the disaster reached the Coast Guard station in Chatham,
Massachusetts, Boatswain’s Mate First Class Bernie Webber took three
men on a lifeboat to try to save the stranded crew against nearly
impossible odds—and brought thirty-two of the seemingly doomed sailors
to safety. Their courageous feat was deemed one of the greatest
rescues in United States Coast Guard history and was the subject of
the 2016 film The Finest Hours.

In Luke 19:10, Jesus declared His own rescue mission: “The Son of Man
came to seek and to save the lost.” The cross and the resurrection
became the ultimate expression of that rescue, as Jesus took on
Himself our sins and restored to the Father all who trust Him. For
2,000 years, people have embraced His offer of abundant life now and
eternal life with Him. Rescued!

As followers of Jesus we have the privilege, with the Holy Spirit’s
help, to join our Savior in the greatest rescue mission of all. Who in
your life needs His rescuing love?

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

How have God’s rescuing ways affected you? What will help you
effectively share His rescue plan with others?

Father, let me see the world the way You do and join in Your eternal
rescue mission. Give me compassion for those around me, and help me to
be an instrument of Your grace. Listen to “The Wondrous Cross” at
discovertheword.org/series/fishing-tips/.
