https://odb.org/2017/10/06/if-i-knew-then/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

If I Knew Then . . .

In his great mercy [God] has given us new birth into a living hope
through the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead.
1 Peter 1:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Peter 1:3–9

On the way to work, I listened to the song “Dear Younger Me,” which
asks: If you could go back, knowing what you know now, what would you
tell your younger self? As I listened, I thought about the bits of
wisdom I might give my younger, less-wise self. Most of us have
thought about how we might do things differently—if only we could do
it all over again.

But the song illustrates that even though we have regrets from our
past, all our experiences have shaped who we are. We can’t change the
consequences of our choices or sin. Praise God we don’t have to carry
the mistakes around with us. Because of what Jesus has done! “In his
great mercy he has given us new birth into a living hope through the
resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead”! (1 Peter 1:3).

If we turn to Him in faith and sorrow for our sins, He will forgive
us. On that day we’re made brand new and begin the process of being
spiritually transformed (2 Cor. 5:17). It doesn’t matter what we’ve
done (or haven’t done), we are forgiven because of what He’s done. We
can move forward, making the most of today and anticipating a future
with Him. In Christ, we’re free!

By:  Alyson Kieda

Reflect & Pray

Dear Lord, I’m so thankful that through You we can be free of the
burdens of the past—the mistakes, the pain, the sins—that hang so
heavy. We don’t need to carry around regret or shame. We can leave
them with You. For further study, read Live Free.

Leave your heavy burdens with God.
