http://odb.org/2016/10/05/good-medicine-4/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Good Medicine

A cheerful heart is good medicine.
Proverbs 17:22

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ephesians 4:25–32

Careless driving, rising tempers, and use of foul language among some
taxi and minibus drivers are a constant source of traffic fights in
our city of Accra, Ghana. But one traffic incident I witnessed took a
different turn. A bus was almost hit by a careless taxi driver. I
expected the bus driver to get angry and yell at the other driver, but
he didn’t. Instead, the bus driver relaxed his stern face and smiled
broadly at the guilty-looking taxi driver. And the smile worked
wonders. With a raised hand, the taxi driver apologized, smiled back,
and moved away—the tension diffused.

A smile has a fascinating effect on our brain chemistry. Researchers
have found that “when we smile it releases brain chemicals called
endorphins which have an actual physiological relaxing effect.” Not
only can a smile diffuse a tense situation, but it can also diffuse
tension within us. Our emotions affect us as well as others. The Bible
teaches us to “get rid of all bitterness, rage and anger, brawling and
slander, along with every form of malice. Be kind and compassionate to
one another” (Eph. 4:31–32).

When anger or tension or bitterness threatens our relationship with
the Lord and with others, it helps to remember that “a cheerful heart
is good medicine” for our own joy and well-being.

By:  Lawrence Darmani

Reflect & Pray

Think about a time when you were angry with someone or when you had an
argument. How did you feel inside? What parts of your life did it
affect?

We find joy when we learn to live in Jesus’s love.
