http://odb.org/2012/09/25/for-his-glory/

For His Glory

Do not think it strange concerning the fiery trial which is to try
you, . . . but rejoice . . . when His glory is revealed. —
1 Peter 4:12-13

Today's Scripture: 1 Peter 4:12-16

You can learn a lot by walking with others through tough times. That’s
been the case for us as our friends Sam and Carol have trudged through
Sam’s cancer journey. For a year we watched and prayed as he endured
the treatment and the pain. And just when it seemed he was in the
clear, a new diagnosis reported more cancer.

The disappointment was obvious. Year two would look a lot like year
one as Sam would have to go through the chemo and the sickness and the
side effects all over again.

But when Sam told us about what he faced as more months of treatments
loomed, he said something we can all learn from: “We want to make sure
that through it all God gets the glory and we reflect His love to
others.” Imagine that! As he faced another year of pain and struggles,
Sam’s first priority was to show God’s love through it all. He was
anticipating the time when God’s “glory is revealed” (1 Peter 4:13).

Carol wrote to friends, “It has been a year of trials, but God has
always pulled us through with His mercy and grace. May we never take
our eyes off Him and His love for us.”

What mountains do you face? Like Sam and Carol, you too can depend on
God’s grace to get you through. Pray also that you might reflect His
love.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

Whenever life’s burdens oppress you And trials are too much to face,
Remember God’s strength in your weakness; He’ll give you His power and
grace. —Sper

The increasing darkness of trials only makes the lamp of grace shine
brighter.
