https://odb.org/2018/05/28/the-last-call/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Last Call

How the mighty have fallen!
2 Samuel 1:27

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Samuel 1:17–27

After serving his country for two decades as a helicopter pilot, James
returned home to serve his community as a teacher. But he missed
helicopters, so he took a job flying medical evacuations for a local
hospital. He flew until late in his life.

Now it was time to say goodbye to him. As friends, family, and
uniformed co-workers stood vigil at the cemetery, a colleague called
in one last mission over the radio. Soon the distinctive sound of
rotors beating the air could be heard. A helicopter circled over the
memorial garden, hovered briefly to pay its respects, then headed back
to the hospital. Not even the military personnel who were present
could hold back the tears.

When King Saul and his son Jonathan were killed in battle, David wrote
an elegy for the ages called “the lament of the bow” (2 Samuel 1:18).
“A gazelle lies slain on your heights,” he sang. “How the mighty have
fallen!” (v. 19). Jonathan was David’s closest friend and brother-in-
arms. And although David and Saul had been enemies, David honored them
both. “Weep for Saul,” he wrote. “I grieve for you, Jonathan my
brother” (vv. 24, 26).

Even the best goodbyes are oh-so-difficult. But for those who trust in
the Lord, the memory is much more sweet than bitter, for it is never
forever. How good it is when we can honor those who have served
others!

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Lord, we thank You for those who serve their communities as First
Responders. We humbly ask You for their safety.

We honor the Creator when we honor the memory of those who honored
Him.
