http://odb.org/2010/12/14/where’s-johnny’s-cap/

Where’s Johnny’s Cap?

I will hope continually, and will praise You yet more and more. —
Psalm 71:14

Today's Scripture: Psalm 42

A story is told about a family that went on a picnic by a lake. At one
point, their 5-year-old son waded into the lake, stepped into deep
water, and sank out of sight. None of the adults in the family knew
how to swim, so they ran up and down the shore in panic while the
child bobbed up and down and screamed for help. Just then, a man
happened by who sized up the situation, leaped into the lake, and
rescued the boy. He climbed out on the bank with the child, who was
frightened but unharmed, only to hear the mother ask with irritation,
“Where’s Johnny’s cap?”

So often we focus on small disappointments that cause us to grumble
and complain rather than focusing on the wonderful things God has
brought into our lives, not the least of which is His everlasting love
and eternal salvation. When we complain about the small
dissatisfactions of life, we’re asking, in effect, “Where’s Johnny’s
cap?”

Paul wrote, “In everything give thanks” (1 Thess. 5:18). We may not be
thankful for everything that comes our way, but we can give thanks in
everything. It may be difficult to be grateful when we lose our job or
our health fails, but we can be thankful for the good that God has
brought to us in this life and grateful for the life to come.

By:  David H. Roper

Reflect & Pray

As endless as God’s blessings are, So should my praises be For all His
daily goodnesses That flow unceasingly! —Adams

Instead of being preoccupied with our problems, let’s praise the Lord
for His blessings.
