http://odb.org/2013/06/21/greedy-birds/

Greedy Birds

God is able to make all grace abound toward you, that you . . . may
have an abundance for every good work. —
2 Corinthians 9:8

Today's Scripture: 2 Corinthians 9:6-15

Every year when I put out the hummingbird feeder, the busy little
birds start battling for position. Even though there are four places
at the “table,” the birds fight for whatever place one of their
neighbors is using. The source of food at each place is the same—a
reservoir of syrup in the bottom of the feeder. Knowing that all the
feeding stations are equal, I shake my head at their greediness.

But then I wonder, Why is it so much easier to see the greed of the
birds than it is to see my own? I often want the place at “God’s
table” that someone else has, even though I know all good things come
from the same source—God—and that His supply will never run out. Since
God can prepare a table for us even in the presence of our enemies
(Ps. 23:5), why be concerned that someone else might have the station
in life that we want?

The Lord is able to give us “all sufficiency in all things” so that we
will have “an abundance for every good work” (2 Cor. 9:8). When we
recognize the importance of our work as ministers of the grace of God
(1 Peter 4:10), we’ll stop fighting to take over someone else’s
position and be grateful for the place God has given us to serve
others on His behalf.

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

Thank You for the privilege we have to serve You by serving others,
Lord. Help us to be content to fill the place where You have put us,
so that You might be glorified through us.

Resentment comes from looking at others; contentment comes from
looking at God.
