http://odb.org/2012/08/15/hopes-and-dreams/

Hopes And Dreams

So that I may finish my race with joy, and the ministry which I
received from the Lord Jesus, to testify to the gospel of the grace of
God. —
Acts 20:24

Today's Scripture: Acts 20:16-24

In 1960, everyone in the high school I attended participated in
Project TALENT. For several days, we took tests that surveyed our
aptitudes in academic subjects. In addition, we were asked to express
our plans, hopes, and dreams for the future. What we didn’t know was
that we were among 400,000 participants from 1,300 schools in the
largest study of high school students ever conducted in the US. None
of us involved in the study could have imagined how our lives would
turn out.

The same was true for Saul of Tarsus. As a young man, his goal was to
destroy the followers of Jesus (Acts 7:58–8:3; Gal. 1:13). But after
his conversion, he became the apostle Paul, whose mission was to
multiply them. As he journeyed to Jerusalem, facing prison and
hardship, Paul said, “I consider my life worth nothing to me, if only
I may finish the race and complete the task the Lord Jesus has given
me—the task of testifying to the gospel of God’s grace” (Acts 20:24
niv).

When our goal is to honor the Lord, He guides and guards us each step
of the way. Whatever our hopes and dreams may be, when we place them
in God’s hands we know that everything, including setback or success,
is under His control.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

When we give our hopes and dreams to God And then leave them in His
hand, We can trust His love and care for us To fulfill what He has
planned. —Sper

Live the Christian life in the same way you began it— by trusting
Christ.
