https://odb.org/2020/10/10/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Fighting Life’s Dragons

Having disarmed the powers and authorities, he made a public spectacle
of them, triumphing over them by the cross.
Colossians 2:15

Today's Scripture & Insight: Colossians 2:9–15

Have you ever fought a dragon? If you answered no, author Eugene
Peterson disagrees with you. In A Long Obedience in the Same
Direction, he wrote, “Dragons are projections of our fears, horrible
constructions of all that might hurt us. . . . A peasant confronted by
a magnificent dragon is completely outclassed.” Peterson’s point? Life
is filled with dragons: the life-threatening health crisis, the sudden
job loss, the failed marriage, the estranged prodigal child. These
“dragons” are the supersized dangers and frailties of life that we’re
inadequate to fight alone.

But in those battles, we have a Champion. Not a fairy tale
champion—the ultimate Champion who has fought on our behalf and
conquered the dragons that seek to destroy us. Whether they’re dragons
of our own failures or the spiritual enemy who desires our
destruction, our Champion is greater, allowing Paul to write of Jesus,
“Having disarmed the powers and authorities, he made a public
spectacle of them, triumphing over them by the cross” (Colossians
2:15). The destructive forces of this broken world are no match for
Him!

The moment we realize that the dragons of life are too big for us is
the moment we can begin to rest in Christ’s rescue. We can confidently
say, “But thanks be to God! He gives us the victory through our Lord
Jesus Christ” (1 Corinthians 15:57).

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

What “dragons” are you facing in life? How can Christ’s victory on the
cross provide encouragement as you deal with them?

Father, thank You for being more than enough for the threats I will
face today. Give me the wisdom and strength to walk with You, trusting
You for the grace I need. Read Overcoming Worry at
DiscoverySeries.org/Q0711.
