http://odb.org/2016/05/01/the-restoration-business/?utm_source=feedbur
ner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread
%29

The Restoration Business

I have suffered the loss of all things, and count them as rubbish,
that I may gain Christ. —nkjv
Philippians 3:8

Today's Scripture & Insight: Philippians 3:1-8

Adam Minter is in the junk business. The son of a junkyard owner, he
circles the globe researching junk. In his book Junkyard Planet, he
chronicles the multibillion-dollar industry of waste recycling. He
notes that entrepreneurs around the world devote themselves to
locating discarded materials such as copper wire, dirty rags, and
plastics and repurposing them to make something new and useful.

After the apostle Paul turned his life over to the Savior, he realized
his own achievements and abilities amounted to little more than trash.
But Jesus transformed it all into something new and useful. Paul said,
“Whatever were gains to me I now consider loss for the sake of Christ.
What is more, I consider everything a loss because of the surpassing
worth of knowing Christ Jesus my Lord, for whose sake I have lost all
things. I consider them garbage, that I may gain Christ” (Phil.
3:7-8). Having been trained in Jewish religious law, he had been an
angry and violent man toward those who followed Christ (Acts 9:1-2).
After being transformed by Christ, the tangled wreckage of his angry
past was transformed into the love of Christ for others (2 Cor.
5:14-17).

If you feel that your life is just an accumulation of junk, remember
that God has always been in the restoration business. When we turn our
lives over to Him, He makes us into something new and useful for Him
and others.

By:  Dennis Fisher

Reflect & Pray

Are you wondering how to become a new person? Romans 3:23 and 6:23
tell us that when we admit we are sinners and ask for God’s
forgiveness, He gives us the free gift of eternal life that was paid
for by the death and resurrection of Jesus. Talk to Him now about your
need.

Christ makes all things new.
