http://odb.org/2016/06/26/shocking-honesty/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Shocking Honesty

Treat her as you should so your prayers will not be hindered.
1 Peter 3:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Peter 3:7–12

When the minister asked one of his elders to lead the congregation in
prayer, the man shocked everyone. “I’m sorry, Pastor,” he said, “but
I’ve been arguing with my wife all the way to church, and I’m in no
condition to pray.” The next moment was awkward. The minister prayed.
The service moved on. Later, the pastor vowed never to ask anyone to
pray publicly without first asking privately.

That man demonstrated astonishing honesty in a place where hypocrisy
would have been easier. But there is a larger lesson about prayer
here. God is a loving Father. If I as a husband do not respect and
honor my wife—a cherished daughter of God—why would her heavenly
Father hear my prayers?

The apostle Peter made an interesting observation about this. He
instructed husbands to treat their wives with respect and as equal
heirs in Christ “so that nothing will hinder your prayers” (1 Peter
3:7). The underlying principle is that our relationships affect our
prayer life.

What would happen if we exchanged the Sunday smiles and the façade of
religiosity for refreshing honesty with our brothers and sisters? What
might God do through us when we pray and learn to love each other as
we love ourselves?

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Father, You love all of Your children, but so often we fight and
disagree. Help us learn to interact with love and respect in all our
relationships so the world will see the difference You make. Teach us
to pray.

Prayer is simply an honest conversation with God.
