http://odb.org/2013/09/17/seeing-god-in-familiar-places/

Seeing God In Familiar Places

The whole earth is full of His glory! —
Isaiah 6:3

Today's Scripture: Isaiah 6:1-6

Because of where I live, I’m treated to spectacular displays of the
magnificent, creative glory of God. Recently, on a drive through the
woods, I was struck with a breath-taking display of deep rich reds and
a variety of yellows that decorated the trees of autumn—all artfully
arranged against the backdrop of a brilliant blue sky.

And soon, as the temperatures plummet and winter blows in, I’ll be
reminded that no two snowflakes are ever the same as they pile on top
of one another to create a rolling landscape of pristine white drifts.
After that will come the miracle of spring, when that which seemed
hopelessly dead bursts into life with buds and blossoms that will
grace the meadows with a multiplicity of colors.

Wherever we look in the world around us, we see evidence that “the
whole earth is full of His glory!” (Isa. 6:3). What is amazing is that
the creation that surrounds us is damaged by sin (see Rom. 8:18-22),
yet God has seen fit to grace our fallen landscape with these loving
brushstrokes of His creative hand. It serves as a daily reminder that
the beauty of His grace covers our sin and that His love for that
which is fallen is always available to us.

By:  Joe Stowell

Reflect & Pray

Lord, may we be ever mindful of Your grace and love in all that
surrounds us. Thank You for making Yourself visible through the beauty
of Your creation. Teach us to look beyond the beauty to see Your hand
at work.

Never pass up an opportunity to enjoy nature’s beauty—it’s the
handwriting of God.
