http://odb.org/2013/06/27/lets-stick-together/

Let’s Stick Together

For in fact the body is not one member but many. —
1 Corinthians 12:14

Today's Scripture: 1 Corinthians 12:12-27

Most regions of the world are familiar with the amazing phenomenon of
snow. Snowflakes are beautiful, uniquely crafted ice crystals.
Individual snowflakes are fragile, and they quickly melt if they land
on your hand. Yet, en masse they create a force to be reckoned with.
They can shut down major cities while creating beautiful landscapes of
snow-laden trees whose pictures decorate calendars and become the
subject of artwork. They provide pleasure on the ski slopes and joy
for children as they make snowmen and ammunition for snowball fights.
All because they stick together.

So it is with those of us who follow Christ. Each of us has been
uniquely gifted with the capacity to make a contribution to the work
of Christ. We were never intended to live in isolation but to work
together to become a great force for God and the advance of His cause.
As Paul reminds us, the body of Christ “is not one member but many” (1
Cor. 12:14). All of us are to use our gifts to serve one another so
that together we can make a significant difference in our world.

Put your giftedness to work, joyfully cooperate with the giftedness of
those around you, and let the wind of the Spirit use you for His
glory!

By:  Joe Stowell

Reflect & Pray

Lord, teach us to use our strengths in cooperation with the strengths
of others. Help us to serve as one so that we might know the joy of
the power of our togetherness for Your name’s sake and the advance of
Your kingdom.

We can accomplish more together than we can alone.
