https://odb.org/2020/04/25/run-toward-your-challenge/?utm_source=feedb
urner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bre
ad%29

Run Toward Challenge

He looked and saw the hills full of horses and chariots of fire all
around Elisha.
2 Kings 6:17

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Kings 6:8–17

Tom chased the young men who were stealing his poor friend’s bike. He
didn’t have a plan. He only knew he needed to get it back. To his
surprise, the three thieves looked his way, dropped the bike and
backed away. Tom was both relieved and impressed with himself as he
picked up the bike and turned around. That’s when he saw Jeff, his
muscular friend who had been trailing close behind.

Elisha’s servant panicked when he saw his town surrounded by an enemy
army. He ran to Elisha, “Oh no, my lord! What shall we do?” Elisha
told him to relax. “Those who are with us are more than those who are
with them.” Then God opened the servant’s eyes, and he “saw the hills
full of horses and chariots of fire all around Elisha” (vv. 15–17).

You may also find yourself in some dicey situations. You may have to
risk your reputation, and perhaps even your security, because you’re
determined to do what’s right. You may lose sleep wondering how it
will all turn out. Remember, you’re not alone. You don’t have to be
stronger or smarter than the challenge before you. Jesus is with you,
and His power is greater than all rivals. Today, many believers are on
the front lines in the battle against the Covid-19 virus. May we pray
for them and others who are running toward the challenge. Ask yourself
Paul’s question, “If God is for us, who can be against us?” (Romans
8:31). Really, who? No one. Run toward your challenge, with God.

By:  Mike Wittmer

Reflect & Pray

What wakes you up at night? How can you give your worries to God?

Help me, Jesus, to truly see that You’re bigger than any problem
facing me today. Thank You for Your everlasting presence! For help,
read Overcoming Worry at discoveryseries.org/q0711.
