https://odb.org/2018/07/21/finding-shelter/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Shelter from the Storm

But as for me, how good it is to be near God! I have made the
Sovereign Lord my shelter.
Psalm 73:28

Today's Scripture & Insight: James 1:12–18

When I lived in Oklahoma I had a friend who “chased” tornados. John
tracked the storms carefully through radio contact with other chasers
and local radar, trying to keep a safe distance while observing their
destructive paths so he could report sudden changes to people in
harm’s way. One day a funnel cloud changed course so abruptly John
found himself in grave danger. Fortunately, he found shelter and was
spared.

John’s experience that afternoon makes me think of another destructive
path: sin in our lives. The Bible tells us, “Each person is tempted
when they are dragged away by their own evil desire and enticed. Then,
after desire has conceived, it gives birth to sin; and sin, when it is
full-grown, gives birth to death” (James 1:14–15).

There’s a progression here. What may at first seem harmless can soon
spin out of control and wreak havoc. But when temptation threatens,
God offers us shelter from the gathering storm.

God’s Word tells us He would never tempt us, and we can blame our
choices only on ourselves. But when we “are tempted, he will also
provide a way out so that [we] can endure it” (1 Corinthians 10:13).
As we turn to Him and call on Him for help in the moment of
temptation, Jesus gives us the strength we need to overcome.

Jesus is our shelter forever.

By:  James Banks

Reflect & Pray

Lord Jesus, You conquered sin and death forever through Your cross and
empty tomb! Help me to live and thrive in the forgiveness only You can
give.

Our Savior calms temptation’s storm.
