https://odb.org/2020/06/30/navigating-lifes-rapids/?utm_source=feedbur
ner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread
%29

Navigating Life’s Rapids

I will instruct you and teach you in the way you should go; I will
counsel you with my loving eye on you.
Psalm 32:8

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 32:5–11

“Everybody on the left, give me three strong forward strokes!” our
whitewater raft guide shouted. Those on the left dug in, pulling our
raft away from a churning vortex. For several hours, we’d learned the
importance of listening to our guide’s instructions. His steady voice
enabled six people with little rafting experience to work together to
plot the safest course down a raging river.

Life has its share of whitewater rapids, doesn’t it? One moment, it’s
smooth sailing. Then, in a flash, we’re paddling like mad to avoid
suddenly swirling whirlpools. Those tense moments make us keenly aware
of our need for a skilled guide, a trusted voice to help us navigate
turbulent times.

In Psalm 32, God promises to be that voice: “I will instruct you and
teach you the way you should go” (v. 8). Backing up, we see that
confessing our sins (v. 5) and prayerfully seeking Him (v. 6) play a
role in hearing Him too. Still, I take comfort in the fact that God
promises, “I will counsel you with my loving eye on you” (v. 8), a
reminder that His guidance flows from His love. Near the end of the
chapter, the psalmist concludes, “The L ord ’s unfailing love
surrounds the one who trusts him” (v. 10). And as we trust Him, we can
rest in His promise to guide us through life’s rockiest passages.

By:  Adam R. Holz

Reflect & Pray

What circumstances in your life right now feel like whitewater rapids?
How might you seek God’s guiding voice about how to respond?

Father, thank You for Your promise to be my Guide. Help me to seek You
and listen to You as You direct the course of my life. For help in
navigating the storms of life, read discoveryseries.org/hp061.
