http://odb.org/2011/07/25/the-pleasure-is-mine/

The Pleasure Is Mine

I did not withhold my heart from any pleasure . . . All was vanity and
grasping for the wind. —
Ecclesiastes 2:10-11

Today's Scripture: Ecclesiastes 2:1-11

I always look forward to summer. The warm sunshine, baseball, beaches,
and barbecues are pleasures that bring joy after a long, cold winter.
But pleasure-seeking isn’t just seasonal. Don’t we all enjoy good
food, engaging conversation, and a crackling fire?

The desire for pleasure isn’t wrong. God has built us for it. Paul
reminds us that God “gives us richly all things to enjoy” (1 Tim.
6:17). Other passages welcome us to the healthy pleasure of food,
friends, and the intimacy of a marriage relationship. But thinking
that we can find lasting pleasure in people and things is ultimately
an empty pursuit.

Ultimate pleasure is not found in the short-lived thrills our world
offers, but rather in the long-term joy from a deepening intimacy with
our Lord. King Solomon learned this the hard way. “I did not withhold
my heart from any pleasure,” he admitted (Eccl. 2:10). But after his
pleasure-seeking spree, he concluded: “All was vanity and grasping for
the wind” (v.11). It’s no wonder he warned, “He who loves pleasure
will be a poor man” (Prov. 21:17).

What we are really looking for is satisfied only in a fulfilling and
growing relationship with Jesus. Pursue Him and taste His delights!

By:  Joe Stowell

Reflect & Pray

The world is filled with so much good That brings us joy and pleasure,
But true fulfillment only comes When Christ we love and treasure.
—Sper

Are we living for our own pleasure, or living to please our heavenly
Father?
