https://odb.org/2020/04/10/standing-firm-2/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Standing Firm

Stand firm. Let nothing move you.
1 Corinthians 15:58

Today's Scripture & Insight: Mark 15:33–41

In the Middle Eastern country where they live, Adrian and his family
suffer persecution for their faith. Yet, through it all, they
demonstrate Christ’s love. Standing in his church courtyard, which was
pummeled by bullets when terrorists used it as training ground, he
said, “Today is Good Friday. We remember that Jesus suffered for us on
the cross.” And suffering, he continued, is something that believers
in Jesus there understand. But his family chooses to remain in their
homeland: “We’re still here, still standing.”

These believers follow the example of the women who stood watching as
Jesus died on the cross (Mark 15:40). They—including Mary Magdalene,
Mary the mother of James and Joseph, and Salome—were brave to stay
there, for friends and family members of an enemy of the state could
be ridiculed and punished. Yet the women showed their love for Jesus
by their very presence with Him. Even as they “followed him and cared
for his needs” in Galilee (v. 41), they stood with Him at His hour of
deepest need.

On this day when we remember the greatest gift of our Savior, His
death on a cross, take a moment to consider how we can stand for Jesus
as we face trials of many kinds (see James 2:2–4). Think too about our
fellow believers around the world who suffer for their faith. As
Adrian asked, “Can you please stand with us in your prayers?” Watch
Moti Vaknin’s devotional video, “Jesus, the Divine,” to learn more
about Christ’s death and resurrection.

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

This article may not have a prayer section.




