http://odb.org/2010/06/16/the-speck/

The Speck

Why do you look at the speck in your brother’s eye, but do not
perceive the plank in your own eye? —
Luke 6:41

Today's Scripture: Matthew 7:1-6

It was just a speck, a tiny foreign object flying through the air on a
windy day while I was cutting the grass. Somehow that speck made its
way into my left eye.

For the next few hours that little speck caused quite a bit of
irritation. I tried washing it out. My wife, Sue, a nurse, tried
everything she could think of. Finally, we went to a Med Center, where
the medical personnel on duty couldn’t get it out either. Only after
applying some ointment and waiting several more annoying hours did I
get relief from the speck.

This tiny, nagging irritant made me think anew about Jesus’ teaching
in Matthew 7 about criticizing others. My first thought was to be
impressed with the practicality of Jesus’ illustration. Using the
effective literary tool of hyperbole, or exaggeration, He explained
for His listeners how foolish it is for a person to criticize someone
without seeing that he or she is also guilty of error. If you can find
someone else’s little speck while ignoring the hunk of wood in your
own eye, something’s wrong. It should be unthinkable to ignore our own
faults while pointing out someone else’s.

An attitude of self-righteousness has no place in the Christian life.
That should be plain to see.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

A Prayer: Lord, help me not to get caught up in pointing out the
“little” sins in others’ lives, while ignoring my own glaring sin. I’m
thankful that with repentance comes forgiveness. Amen.

Inspect your own life before you look for specks in others.
