https://odb.org/2021/01/24/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Surrendering All

Peter spoke up, “We have left everything to follow you!”
Mark 10:28

Today's Scripture & Insight: Mark 10:26–31

Two men remembered for serving others for Jesus left careers in the
arts to commit themselves to where they believed God had called them.
James O. Fraser (1886–1938) decided not to pursue being a concert
pianist in England to serve the Lisu people in China, while the
American Judson Van DeVenter (1855–1939) chose to become an evangelist
instead of pursuing a career in art. He later wrote the hymn “I
Surrender All.”

While having a vocation in the arts is the perfect calling for many,
these men believed God called them to relinquish one career for
another. Perhaps they found inspiration from Jesus counseling the
rich, young ruler to give up his possessions to follow Him (Mark
10:17–25). Witnessing the exchange, Peter exclaimed, “We have left
everything to follow you!” (v. 28). Jesus assured him that God would
give those who follow Him “a hundred times as much in this present
age” and eternal life (v. 30). But He would give according to His
wisdom: “Many who are first will be last, and the last first” (v. 31).

No matter where God has placed us, we’re called to daily surrender our
lives to Christ, obeying His gentle call to follow Him and serve Him
with our talents and resources—whether in the home, office, community,
or far from home. As we do, He’ll inspire us to love others, putting
their needs above our own.

By:  Amy Boucher Pye

Reflect & Pray

Who comes to mind when you think of someone who’s sacrificed for
Jesus? How is God calling you to surrender?

Jesus, help me to surrender my all for You today as I serve You and
those around me for Your honor.
