http://odb.org/2012/03/20/long-awaited-reunion/

Long-Awaited Reunion

We who are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them in
the clouds to meet the Lord in the air. —
1 Thessalonians 4:17

Today's Scripture: 1 Thessalonians 4:13-18

As a boy, I had a collie named Prince Boy, a great dog that I really
loved. One day, he disappeared. I didn’t know if he had been stolen or
if he had simply run away—but I was devastated. I searched everywhere.
In fact, one of my earliest childhood memories is of climbing a tall
tree from which I could scan our neighborhood in hopes of spotting
him. I desperately wanted my beloved dog back. For weeks, I was always
watching and hoping to see Prince Boy again. But we were never
reunited.

There’s a much greater sense of loss when we think we’ll never again
see a loved one who dies. But for those who know and love the Lord,
death’s parting is only temporary. One day we will be reunited
forever!

Paul assured the Thessalonians, “The dead in Christ will rise first.
Then we who are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them
in the clouds to meet the Lord in the air. And thus we shall always be
with the Lord” (1 Thess. 4:16-17). The words that provide comfort to
the grieving heart are together and we. These words of reunion
indicate that followers of Christ don’t ever have to experience
permanent separation. For us, death is not a goodbye; it’s a “see you
later.”

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

We’ll be reunited one day With our loved ones who have died If they
know the Lord as Savior— Then with Him we will abide. —Sper

God’s people never say goodbye for the last time.
