https://odb.org/2019/08/26/another-chance-3/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Another Chance

Once again you will have compassion on us. You will trample our sins
under your feet and throw them into the depths of the ocean!
Micah 7:19

Today's Scripture & Insight: Micah 7:1–3, 18–20

At the Second Chance Bike Shop near our neighborhood, volunteers
rebuild cast-off bicycles and donate them to needy kids. Shop founder
Ernie Clark also donates bikes to needy adults, including the
homeless, the disabled, and military veterans struggling to make it in
civilian life. Not only do the bicycles get a second chance but
sometimes the recipients get a new start too. One veteran used his new
bike to get to a job interview.

Second chances can transform a person’s life, especially when the
second chance comes from God. The prophet Micah extoled such grace
during a time the nation of Israel groveled in bribery, fraud, and
other despicable sins. As Micah lamented, “The godly people have all
disappeared; not one honest person is left on the earth” (Micah 7:2
nlt ).

God would rightly punish evil, Micah knew. But being loving, He would
give those who repented another chance. Humbled by such love, Micah
asked, “Where is another God like you, who pardons the guilt of the
remnant, overlooking the sins of his special people?” (v. 18 nlt ).

We too can rejoice that God doesn’t abandon us because of our sins if
we ask for forgiveness. As Micah declared of God, “Once again you will
have compassion on us. You will trample our sins under your feet and
throw them into the depths of the ocean!” (v. 19 nlt) . God’s love
gives second chances to all who seek Him.

By:  Patricia Raybon

Reflect & Pray

What sin will you repent of and gain a second chance from our loving
God?

Heavenly Father, thank You for giving us the grace of second chances.
