https://odb.org/2018/01/10/growing-a-servants-heart/?utm_source=feedbu
rner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Brea
d%29

Growing a Servant’s Heart

I am among you as one who serves.
Luke 22:27

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 22:24–30

It was a long day at work. But when I got home, it was time to start
my “other” job­: being a good dad. Greetings from my wife and kids
soon became, “Dad, what’s for dinner?” “Dad, can you get me some
water?” “Dad, can we play soccer?”

I just wanted to sit down. And even though part of me really wanted to
be a good dad, I didn’t feel like serving my family’s needs. That’s
when I saw it: a thank-you card my wife had received from someone at
church. It pictured a bowl of water, a towel, and dirty sandals.
Across the bottom were these words from Luke 22:27: “I am among you as
one who serves.”

That statement of Jesus’s mission, to serve those He came to seek and
save (Luke 19:10), was exactly what I needed. If Jesus was willing to
do the dirtiest of jobs for His followers—like scrubbing His
followers’ no doubt filthy feet (John 13:1–17)—I could get my son a
cup of water without grumbling about it. In that moment, I was
reminded that my family’s requests to serve them weren’t merely an
obligation, but an opportunity to reflect Jesus’s servant heart and
His love to them. When requests are made of us, they are chances to
become more like the One who served His followers by laying down His
life for us.

By:  Adam R. Holz

Reflect & Pray

Lord, sometimes it’s hard to serve others’ needs. Help us to become
more like You, willing to express Your love in the many
opportunities we have to serve those around us each day.

God’s love for us empowers us to serve others. Our Daily Bread
welcomes writer Adam Holz! Meet Adam and all our authors at
odb.org/all-authors.
