http://odb.org/2015/02/13/the-word-among-us/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Word Among Us

Your testimonies also are my delight and my counselors. —
Psalm 119:24

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 119:17-24

The Word of God comes to us in many forms. Bible-centered preaching,
Scripture reading, songs, study groups, and devotional articles bring
to us the truths of God from Scripture. But we can’t overlook personal
reading and studying either.

My heart has recently been touched by a careful, paragraph-by-
paragraph study of Deuteronomy alongside the Sermon on the Mount in
Matthew 5–7. Both passages contain codes of belief: The Ten
Commandments (Deut. 5:6-21) and the Beatitudes (Matt. 5:3-12).
Deuteronomy shows us the old covenant—the law God wanted His people to
follow. In Matthew, Jesus shows us how He has come to fulfill that law
and establish the principles of the new covenant, which frees us from
the burden of the law.

The Holy Spirit comes alongside the Word of God to teach, empower,
instruct, convict, and purify us. The result is understanding,
repentance, renewal, and growth in Jesus. Theologian Philip Jacob
Spener wrote: “The more at home the Word of God is among us, the more
we will bring about faith and its fruits.” Let’s pray with the
psalmist: “Open my eyes, that I may see wondrous things from Your law”
so that we might live it out in our lives (Ps. 119:18).

By:  David C. Egner

Reflect & Pray

“Heavenly Father, we bow in Your presence. Let Your Word be our rule
and guide, Your Spirit our teacher, and Your greater glory be our
supreme concern, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen.” —John R. W.
Stott

When the Word of God is within us, it flows out from our life.
