http://odb.org/2008/01/31/minister-mentor/

Minister Mentor

Moses heeded the voice of his father-in-law and did all that he had
said. —
Exodus 18:24

Today's Scripture: Exodus 18:13-24

In 1959, when Lee Kuan Yew assumed the position of Prime Minister of
Singapore, his leadership began a long process of national
transformation. Initially, disagreements between ethnic groups and a
weak economic base made the future of this tiny nation uncertain. By
1990, when Lee stepped down from his position, Singapore had become a
model country for ethnic harmony and a thriving economy. After serving
as Senior Minister, Lee became Minister Mentor in 2004. Since then he
has been an invaluable resource to Singapore’s cabinet and to other
leaders around the world.

Insights from the older generation can greatly benefit the younger
generation. Although Moses had been used by God to perform miracles
and deliver Israel out of bondage in Egypt, he still listened to the
advice of his father-in-law Jethro (Ex. 18:24). Jethro had watched his
son-in-law care for the concerns of the people and observed: “Both you
and these people who are with you will surely wear yourselves out. For
this thing is too much for you” (v.18). Moses followed Jethro’s advice
to select, train, and delegate others to share the workload
(vv.22-24).

Whom has God placed in your life to advise you as a “minister mentor”?

By:  Dennis Fisher

Reflect & Pray

Following Through What are your weakest character traits? Do you know
a fellow believer who is strong in these areas? Could that person
become your spiritual mentor?

Those who are mature in the faith can help others to mature in their
faith.
