https://odb.org/2018/03/09/direct-instructions/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Direct Instructions

“I have been told by the word of the Lord.”
1 Kings 13:17

Today's Scripture: 1 Kings 13:11–22

My second child was eager to sleep in a “big-girl bed” in her sister’s
room. Each night I tucked Britta under the covers, issuing strict
instructions to stay in bed, warning her I’d return her to the crib if
she didn’t. Night after night, I found her in the hallway and had to
escort my discouraged darling back to her crib. Years later I learned
her customarily-sweet older sister wasn’t excited about having a
roommate and repeatedly told Britta that she’d heard me calling for
her. Britta heeded her sister’s words, went to look for me, and thus
landed herself back in the crib.

Listening to the wrong voice can have consequences for us all. When
God sent a man to Bethel to speak on His behalf, He gave explicit
instructions for him to not eat or drink while there, nor return home
by the same route (1 Kings 13:9). When King Jeroboam invited him to
share a meal, the prophet declined, following God’s command. When an
older prophet extended an invitation to dine, the man initially
declined, but relented and ate when his elder deceived him, saying an
angel told him it was okay. Just as I wanted Britta to enjoy her “big-
girl bed,” I imagine God was saddened the man didn’t heed His
instructions.

We can trust God completely. His words are our path to life; we are
wise to listen and obey.

By:  Kirsten Holmberg

Reflect & Pray

Thank You, Lord, for speaking to me through Your Word. Help me to tune
my ears to Your voice and obey.

God’s words are the ones that matter most.
