https://odb.org/2017/03/12/its-not-me/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_mediu
m=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

It’s Not Me

Each of you should use whatever gift you have received to serve
others.
1 Peter 4:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Peter 4:7–11

While on vacation recently, I gave my razor a rest and grew a beard.
Various responses came from friends and co-workers—and most were
complimentary. One day, however, I looked at the beard and decided,
“It’s not me.” So out came the razor.

I’ve been thinking about the idea of who we are and why one thing or
another does not fit our personality. Primarily, it’s because God has
bestowed us with individual differences and preferences. It’s okay
that we don’t all like the same hobbies, eat the same foods, or
worship in the same church. We are each uniquely and “wonderfully
made” (Ps. 139:14). Peter noted that we are uniquely gifted in order
to serve each other (1 Peter 4:10–11).

Jesus’s disciples didn’t check their characteristics at the door
before entering His world. Peter was so impulsive that he cut off a
servant’s ear the night Jesus was arrested. Thomas insisted on
evidence before believing Christ had risen. The Lord didn’t reject
them simply because they had some growing to do. He molded and shaped
them for His service.

When discerning how we might best serve the Lord, it’s wise to
consider our talents and characteristics and to sometimes say, “It’s
not me.” God may call us out of our comfort zone, but He does so to
develop our unique gifts and personalities to serve His good purposes.
We honor His creative nature when we permit Him to use us as we are.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

Thank You, Father, for the great individuality You have built into us.
Thank You for my personality and for my abilities. Guide me in using
them for You.

There are no ordinary people—we were created to be unique.
