https://odb.org/2020/11/22/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

An Open, Generous Heart

Be generous and willing to share.
1 Timothy 6:18

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Timothy 6:17–19

After Vicki’s old car broke down with no option for repair, she
started scraping together money for another vehicle. Chris, a frequent
customer of the restaurant where Vicki works at the drive-thru window,
one day heard her mention she needed a car. “I couldn’t stop thinking
about it,” Chris said. “I [had] to do something.” So he bought his
son’s used car (his son had just put it up for sale), shined it up,
and handed Vicki the keys. Vicki was shocked. “Who . . . does that?”
she said in amazement and gratitude.

The Scriptures call us to live with open hands, giving freely as we
can—providing what’s truly best for those in need. As Paul says:
“Command [those who are rich] to do good, to be rich in good deeds” (1
Timothy 6:18). We don’t merely perform a benevolent act here or there,
but rather live out a cheerful spirit of giving. Big-heartedness is
our normal way of life. “Be generous and willing to share,” we’re told
(v. 18).

As we live with an open, generous heart, we don’t need to fear running
out of what we need. Rather, the Bible tells us that in our
compassionate generosity, we’re taking “hold of [true] life” (v. 19).
With God, genuine living means loosening our grip on what we have and
giving to others freely.

By:  Winn Collier

Reflect & Pray

When do you struggle the most with being generous? How does God’s
generous heart encourage you to give more freely?

I want to hold what I have loosely, God. I want to be generous, like
You. Transform my heart and help me to give freely.
