http://odb.org/2016/04/04/wisdom-and-grace/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Wisdom and Grace

If any of you lacks wisdom, you should ask of God, who gives
generously to all without finding fault.
James 1:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: James 1:1-8

On April 4, 1968, American civil rights leader Dr. Martin Luther King
Jr., was assassinated, leaving millions angry and disillusioned. In
Indianapolis, a largely African-American crowd had gathered to hear
Robert F. Kennedy speak. Many had not yet heard of Dr. King’s death,
so Kennedy had to share the tragic news. He appealed for calm by
acknowledging not only their pain but his own abiding grief over the
murder of his brother, President John F. Kennedy.

Kennedy then quoted a variation of an ancient poem by Aeschylus
(526–456 bc):

Even in our sleep, pain which cannot forget falls drop by drop upon
the heart until, in our own despair, against our will, comes wisdom
through the awful grace of God.

“Wisdom through the awful grace of God” is a remarkable statement. It
means that God’s grace fills us with awe and gives us the opportunity
to grow in wisdom during life’s most difficult moments.

James wrote, “If any of you lacks wisdom, you should ask of God, who
gives generously to all without finding fault, and it will be given to
you” (James 1:5). James says that this wisdom is grown in the soil of
hardship (vv. 2-4), for there we not only learn from the wisdom of
God, we rest in the grace of God.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Father, in the face of life’s sometimes awful circumstances, may we
find Your grace to be a source of awe and wonder. Instruct us in our
trials, and carry us in Your arms when we are overwhelmed. Has the
Lord led you through a crisis? Tell us about His faithfulness on
Facebook.com/ourdailybread

The darkness of trials only makes God’s grace shine brighter.
