http://odb.org/2016/04/22/the-spirit-delivers/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Spirit Delivers

The Spirit helps us in our weakness. We do not know what we ought to
pray for, but the Spirit himself intercedes for us through wordless
groans.
Romans 8:26

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 8:19-27

Until recently, many towns in rural Ireland didn’t use house numbers
or postal codes. So if there were three Patrick Murphys in town, the
newest resident with that name would not get his mail until it was
first delivered to the other two Patrick Murphys who had lived there
longer. “My neighbors would get it first,” said Patrick Murphy (the
newest resident). “They’d have a good read, and they’d go, ‘No, it’s
probably not us.’ ” To end all this mail-delivery confusion, the Irish
government recently instituted its first postal-code system which will
ensure the proper delivery of the mail.

Sometimes when we pray we feel like we need help delivering to God
what is on our heart. We may not know the right words to say or how to
express our deep longings. The apostle Paul says in Romans 8 that the
Holy Spirit helps us and intercedes for us by taking our unspeakable
“groanings” and presenting them to the Father. “We do not know what we
ought to pray for, but the Spirit himself intercedes for us through
wordless groans” (v. 26). The Spirit always prays according to God’s
will, and the Father knows the mind of the Spirit.

Be encouraged that God hears us when we pray and He knows our deepest
needs.

By:  Marvin Williams

Reflect & Pray

Thank You, Father, for giving me Your Spirit to help me when I pray.
Thank You for hearing my prayers and for loving me. What are you
praying for today? Share it with us at Facebook.com

When you can’t put your prayers into words, God hears your heart.
