https://odb.org/2020/08/26/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Spiritual Driving

Be very careful, then, how you live—not as unwise but as wise, making
the most of every opportunity, because the days are evil.
Ephesians 5:15–16

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ephesians 5:8–20

I don’t remember many specifics about my driver’s education class. But
for some reason, an acronym we learned, S-I-P-D-E, remains firmly
lodged in my memory.

The letters stood for Scan, Identify, Predict, Decide, and Execute, a
process we were taught to practice continually. We were to scan the
road, identify hazards, predict what the hazards might do, decide how
we’d respond, and then, if necessary, execute that plan. It was a
strategy for being intentional to avoid accidents.

I wonder how that idea might translate to our spiritual lives. In
Ephesians 5, Paul told Ephesian believers, “Be very careful, then, how
you live—not as unwise, but as wise” (v. 15). Paul knew certain
hazards could derail the Ephesians—old ways of living at odds with
their new life in Jesus (vv. 8, 10–11). So he instructed the growing
church to pay attention.

The words translated “be very careful, then, how you live” literally
mean “see how you walk.” In other words, look around. Notice hazards,
and avoid personal pitfalls like drunkenness and wild living (v. 18).
Instead, the apostle said, we can seek to learn God’s will for our
lives (v. 17), while, with fellow believers, we sing to and give Him
thanks (vv. 19–20).

No matter what hazards we face—and even when we stumble—we can
experience our new life in Christ as we grow in dependence on His
boundless power and grace.

By:  Adam R. Holz

Reflect & Pray

What strategy do you use to recognize what might trip you up
spiritually? What role do you think other believers play in
identifying and resisting spiritual hazards? How might thanksgiving be
an important part of avoiding spiritual pitfalls?

Heavenly Father, as I navigate the spiritual potholes on life’s road,
thank You for reminding me to look up to You for help.
