http://odb.org/2012/05/27/a-sense-of-dread/

A Sense Of Dread

Avoid foolish and ignorant disputes, knowing that they generate
strife. —
2 Timothy 2:23

Today's Scripture: 2 Timothy 2:19-26

In Tennyson’s classic poem “The Charge of the Light Brigade,” valiant
cavalry troops riding into battle are described by the imposing
phrase, “Into the valley of death rode the six hundred.” Those words
portray a sense of foreboding that anticipated the tragedy that lay
before them.

When I was a pastor, I sometimes felt a sense of dread when heading to
church meetings. Being aware of current or potential areas of conflict
can easily cause serious concern. But this does not need to be the
case in the church.

To a young pastor struggling with the pressures of ministry, Paul
wrote, “Avoid foolish and ignorant disputes, knowing that they
generate strife” (2 Tim. 2:23). This applies to pastors as well as
church attenders. Our personal conduct can help to reduce the amount
of friction instead of elevating it through unwise actions or words.
We can model for others the biblical way to avoid, manage, and even
resolve conflict. Verses 24-25 encourage us to be gentle, patient, and
humble in relating to others.

As James says, “The fruit of righteousness is sown in peace by those
who make peace” (James 3:18). Pursuing the goal of being a peacemaker
can reduce the sense of dread that conflicts generate.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

O Lord, help us to turn aside From words that spring from selfish
pride, For You would have Your children one In praise and love for
Your dear Son. —D. De Haan

Christians at war with each other cannot be at peace with their
heavenly Father.
