https://odb.org/2017/11/08/think-before-you-speak/?utm_source=feedburn
er&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%
29

Think Before You Speak

Set a guard over my mouth, Lord; keep watch over the door of my lips.
Psalm 141:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 141

Cheung was upset with his wife for failing to check the directions to
the famous restaurant where they hoped to dine. The family had planned
to round out their holiday in Japan with a scrumptious meal before
catching the flight home. Now they were running late and would have to
miss that meal. Frustrated, Cheung criticized his wife for her poor
planning.

Later Cheung regretted his words. He had been too harsh, plus he
realized that he could have checked the directions himself and he had
failed to thank his wife for the other seven days of great planning.

Many of us may identify with Cheung. We are tempted to blow up when
angry and to let words fly without control. Oh, how we need to pray as
the psalmist did: “Set a guard over my mouth, Lord ; keep watch over
the door of my lips” (Ps. 141:3).

But how can we do that? Here’s a helpful tip: Think before you speak.
Are your words good and helpful, gracious and kind? (See Eph.
4:29–32.)

Setting a guard over our mouth requires that we keep our mouth shut
when we’re irritated and that we seek the Lord’s help to say the right
words with the right tone or, perhaps, not speak at all. When it comes
to controlling our speech, it’s a lifelong work. Thankfully, God is
working in us, giving us “the desire and the power to do what pleases
him” (Phil. 2:13 nlt ).

By:  Poh Fang Chia

Reflect & Pray

Dear Lord, help us always to think before speaking. Give us the words
to say and the wisdom to know when to keep silent.

Gracious words are a honeycomb, sweet to the soul and healing to the
bones. Proverbs 16:24
