http://odb.org/2015/09/03/the-tyranny-of-the-perfect/?utm_source=feedb
urner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bre
ad%29

The Tyranny of the Perfect

If we claim to be without sin, we deceive ourselves and the truth is
not in us.
1 John 1:8

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 John 1:5–2:2

Dr. Brian Goldman obsessively tried to be perfect in treating his
patients. But on a nationally broadcast show he admitted to mistakes
he had made. He revealed that he had treated a woman in the emergency
room and then made the decision to discharge her. Later that day a
nurse asked him, “Do you remember that patient you sent home? Well,
she’s back.” The patient had been readmitted to the hospital and then
died. This devastated him. He tried even harder to be perfect, only to
learn the obvious: Perfection is impossible.

As Christians, we may harbor unrealistic expectations of perfection
for ourselves. But even if we can somehow manage the appearance of a
flawless life, our thoughts and motives are never completely pure.

John the disciple wrote, “If we claim to be without sin, we deceive
ourselves and the truth is not in us” (1 John 1:8). The remedy is not
to hide our sins and to strive harder, but to step into the light of
God’s truth and confess them. “If we walk in the light,” said John,
“as he is in the light, we have fellowship with one another, and the
blood of Jesus, his Son, purifies us from all sin” (v. 7).

In medicine, Dr. Goldman proposes the idea of a “redefined physician”
who—in a culture where we are hesitant to admit our errors—no longer
toils under the tyranny of perfection. Such a physician openly shares
mistakes and supports colleagues who do the same, with a goal of
reducing mistakes.

What if Christians were known not for hiding their sins but for loving
and supporting each other with the truth and grace of our God? What if
we practiced a risky yet healthy honesty with each other and with the
watching world?

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Father, it’s so difficult for us to share our faults with each other,
but You call us to wholeness as Your people. Empower us by Your Spirit
to live courageously in love and honesty.

Honesty with God about our sin brings forgiveness.
