https://odb.org/2019/08/01/the-bulldog-and-the-sprinkler/?utm_source=f
eedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily
+Bread%29

The Bulldog and the Sprinkler

I pray that you . . . may be filled to the measure of all the fullness
of God.
Ephesians 3:17

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ephesians 3:14–21

Most summer mornings, a delightful drama plays out in the park behind
our house. It involves a sprinkler. And a bulldog. About 6:30 or so,
the sprinklers come on. Shortly thereafter, Fifi the bulldog (our
family’s name for her) arrives.

Fifi’s owner lets her off her leash. The bulldog sprints with all her
might to the nearest sprinkler, attacking the stream of water as it
douses her face. If Fifi could eat the sprinkler, I think she would.
It’s a portrait of utter exuberance, of Fifi’s seemingly infinite
desire to be drenched by the liquid she can never get enough of.

There are no bulldogs in the Bible, or sprinklers. Yet, in a way,
Paul’s prayer in Ephesians 3 reminds me of Fifi. There, Paul prays
that the Ephesian believers might be filled with God’s love and “have
power, together with all the Lord’s holy people, to grasp how wide and
long and high and deep is the love of Christ.” He prayed that we might
be “filled to the measure of all the fullness of God” (vv. 18–19).

Still today, we’re invited to experience a God whose infinite love
exceeds anything we can comprehend, that we too might be drenched,
saturated, and utterly satisfied by His goodness. We’re free to plunge
with abandon, relish, and delight into a relationship with the One who
alone can fill our hearts and lives with love, meaning, and purpose.

By:  Adam R. Holz

Reflect & Pray

How does the experience of plunging into waves at a beach symbolize
the immensity of God’s love for you? What barriers do you think
potentially keep you from experiencing His love?

God, thank You for Your infinite and satisfying love. Please help us
to know and experience the love You have for each one of us.
