https://odb.org/2019/02/08/love-and-peace/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Love and Peace

You will not abandon me to the realm of the dead. . . . You make known
to me the path of life; you will fill me with joy in your presence.
Psalm 16:10–11

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 16

It always amazes me the way peace—powerful, unexplainable peace
(Philippians 4:7)—can somehow fill our hearts even in our deepest
grief. I experienced this most recently at my father’s memorial
service. As a long line of sympathetic acquaintances passed by
offering their condolences, I was relieved to see a good high school
friend. Without a word, he simply wrapped me in a long bear hug. His
quiet understanding flooded me with the first feelings of peace within
grief that difficult day, a powerful reminder that I wasn’t as alone
as I felt.

As David describes in Psalm 16, the kind of peace and joy God brings
into our lives isn’t caused by a choice to stoically stomp down the
pain during hard times; it’s more like a gift we can’t help but
experience when we take refuge in our good God (vv. 1–2).

We could respond to the aching pain that death brings by distracting
ourselves, perhaps thinking that turning to these other “gods” will
keep the pain at bay. But sooner or later we’ll find that efforts to
avoid our pain only bring deeper pain (v. 4).

Or we could turn to God, trusting that even when we don’t understand,
the life He’s already given us—even in its pain—is still beautiful and
good (vv. 6–8). And we can surrender to His loving arms that tenderly
carry us through our pain into a peace and joy that even death can
never quench (v. 11).

By:  Monica La Rose

Reflect & Pray

Father, thank You for the way Your tender touch embraces and holds us
in our times of joy and pain. Help us to turn in trust to You for
healing.

God’s love carries and holds us through our pain into peace and joy.
