https://odb.org/2018/06/24/a-friends-comfort/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

A Friend’s Comfort

No one said a word to him, because they saw how great his suffering
was.
Job 2:13

Today's Scripture & Insight: Job 2:7–13

I read about a mom who was surprised to see her daughter muddy from
the waist down when she walked in the door after school. Her daughter
explained that a friend had slipped and fallen into a mud puddle.
While another classmate ran to get help, the little girl felt sorry
for her friend sitting by herself and holding her hurt leg. So, the
daughter went over and sat in the mud puddle with her friend until a
teacher arrived.

When Job experienced the devastating loss of his children and became
afflicted with painful sores on his entire body, his suffering was
overwhelming. The Bible tells us that three of his friends wanted to
comfort him. When they found Job, “they began to weep aloud, and they
tore their robes and sprinkled dust on their heads. Then they sat on
the ground with him for seven days and seven nights. No one said a
word to him, because they saw how great his suffering was” (Job
2:12–13).

Job’s friends initially showed remarkable understanding. They sensed
that Job simply needed someone to sit and mourn with him. The three
men will begin to speak in the next few chapters. The irony is that
when the friends do begin to speak, they end up giving Job poor advice
(16:1–4).

Often the best thing we can do when comforting a hurting friend is to
sit with them in their suffering.

By:  Lisa M. Samra

Reflect & Pray

Heavenly Father, help me to be a good friend to those who are hurting.
Thank You that You promise to be near to those who are suffering and
provide encouragement through Your Holy Spirit.

A friend’s presence in the midst of suffering provides great comfort.
