https://odb.org/2017/03/29/trial-by-fire/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Trial by Fire

Blessed is the one who perseveres under trial because, having stood
the test, that person will receive the crown of life.
James 1:12

Today's Scripture & Insight: James 1:1–12

Last winter while visiting a natural history museum in Colorado, I
learned some remarkable facts about the aspen tree. An entire grove of
slender, white-trunked aspens can grow from a single seed and share
the same root system. These root systems can exist for thousands of
years whether or not they produce trees. They sleep underground,
waiting for fire, flood, or avalanche to clear a space for them in the
shady forest. After a natural disaster has cleared the land, aspen
roots can sense the sun at last. The roots send up saplings, which
become trees.

For aspens, new growth is made possible by the devastation of a
natural disaster. James writes that our growth in faith is also made
possible by difficulties. “Consider it pure joy,” he writes, “whenever
you face trials of many kinds, because you know that the testing of
your faith produces perseverance. Let perseverance finish its work so
that you may be mature and complete, not lacking anything” (James
1:2–4).

It’s difficult to be joyful during trials, but we can take hope from
the fact that God will use difficult circumstances to help us reach
maturity. Like aspen trees, faith can grow in times of trial when
difficulty clears space in our hearts for the light of God to touch
us.

By:  Amy Peterson

Reflect & Pray

Thank You, God, for being with us in our trials, and for helping us to
grow through difficult circumstances.

Trials and tests can draw us closer to Christ.
