https://odb.org/2020/08/20/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Working with God

We are co-workers in God’s service; you are God’s field, God’s
building.
1 Corinthians 3:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Corinthians 3:1–9

During his 1962 visit to Mexico, Bill Ashe helped fix windmill hand
pumps at an orphanage. Fifteen years later, inspired by a deep desire
to serve God by helping provide clean water to villages in need,
Bill founded a nonprofit organization. He said, “God awoke me to ‘make
the most of the time’ by finding others with a desire to bring safe
drinking water to the rural poor.” Later, having learned about the
global need for safe water through the requests of thousands of
pastors and evangelists from more than 100 countries, Bill invited
others to join the ministry’s efforts.

God welcomes us to team up to serve with Him and others in various
ways. When the people of Corinth argued over which teachers they
preferred, the apostle Paul affirmed his role as a servant of
Jesus and a teammate of Apollos, fully dependent on God for spiritual
growth (1 Corinthians 3:1–7). He reminds us that all work has God-
given value (v. 8). Acknowledging the privilege of working with others
while serving Him, Paul encourages us to build each other up as
He transforms us in love (v. 9).

Though our mighty Father doesn’t need our help to accomplish His great
works, He equips us and invites us to partner with Him.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

How does leaving the results to God give you the courage to risk doing
what seems impossible? What hard thing has He invited you to do with
His help?

Father, thank You for providing all I need as You continue to
accomplish great things in me.
