https://odb.org/2019/02/10/living-with-the-lights-on/?utm_source=feedb
urner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bre
ad%29

Living with the Lights On

Your word is a lamp for my feet, a light on my path.
Psalm 119:105

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 119:9–16, 97–105

A work assignment had taken my coworker and me on a 250-mile journey,
and it was late when we began our trip home. An aging body with aging
eyes makes me a bit uneasy about nighttime driving; nevertheless, I
opted to drive first. My hands gripped the steering wheel and my eyes
gazed intently at dimly lit roads. While driving I found I could see
better when lights from vehicles behind me beamed on the highway
ahead. I was much relieved when my friend eventually took the wheel of
his vehicle. That’s when he discovered I had been driving with fog
lights and not the headlights!

Psalm 119 is the masterful composition of one who understood that
God’s Word provides us with light for everyday living (v. 105). Yet,
how often do we find ourselves in situations similar to my
uncomfortable night on the highway? We needlessly strain to see, and
we sometimes stray from the best paths because we forget to use the
light of God’s Word. Psalm 119 encourages us to be intentional about
“hitting the light switch.” What happens when we do? We find wisdom
for purity (vv. 9–11); we discover fresh motivation and encouragement
for avoiding detours (vv. 101–102). And when we live with the lights
on, the psalmist’s praise is likely to become our praise: “Oh, how I
love your law! I meditate on it all day long” (v. 97).

By:  Arthur Jackson

Reflect & Pray

Father, please fill my heart with Your Word so I can have the light I
need for today!

You won’t stumble in the dark if you walk in the light of God’s Word.
