https://odb.org/2021/01/30/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Wearing Our Courage

If I am a man of God, may fire come down from heaven.
2 Kings 1:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Kings 1:9–15

Andrew lives in a country that’s closed to the gospel. When I asked
how he keeps his faith a secret, he said he doesn’t. He wears a button
that advertises his church, and whenever he’s arrested he tells the
police that “they need Jesus too.” Andrew has courage because he knows
who’s on his side.

Elijah refused to be intimidated, even when the king of Israel sent
fifty soldiers to arrest him (2 Kings 1:9). The prophet knew God was
with him, and he called down fire that consumed the platoon. The king
sent more soldiers, and Elijah did it again (v. 12). The king sent
more, but the third platoon had heard about the others. The captain
begged Elijah to spare his soldiers’ lives. They were more afraid of
him than he’d ever been of them, so the angel of the Lord told Elijah
it was safe to go with them (vv. 13–15).

Jesus doesn’t want us to call down fire on our enemies. When the
disciples asked if they could call down fire on a Samaritan village,
Jesus rebuked them (Luke 9:51–55). We’re living in a different time.
But Jesus does want us to have Elijah’s boldness—to be ready to tell
everyone about the Savior who died for them. It may seem like one
person taking on fifty, but it’s actually One on fifty. Jesus provides
what we need to courageously love and reach out to others.

By:  Mike Wittmer

Reflect & Pray

How does Jesus provide what you need to be courageous? What does God
want you to know and do?

Holy Spirit, thank You for living in me. Fill me with courage as I
tell others about Jesus.
