https://odb.org/2017/06/11/postures-of-the-heart/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

Postures of the Heart

[Solomon] knelt in front of the entire community of Israel and lifted
his hands toward heaven [and] he prayed.
2 Chronicles 6:13–14

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Chronicles 6:7–9, 12–15

When my husband plays the harmonica for our church praise team, I have
noticed that he sometimes closes his eyes when he plays a song. He
says this helps him focus and block out distractions so he can play
his best—just his harmonica, the music, and him—all praising God.

Some people wonder if our eyes must be closed when we pray. Since we
can pray at any time in any place, however, it might prove difficult
to always close our eyes—especially if we are taking a walk, pulling
weeds, or driving a vehicle!

There are also no rules on what position our body must be in when we
talk to God. When King Solomon prayed to dedicate the temple he had
built, he knelt down and “spread out his hands toward heaven” (2
Chron. 6:13–14). Kneeling (Eph. 3:14), standing (Luke 18:10–13), and
even lying face down (Matt. 26:39) are all mentioned in the Bible as
positions for prayer.

Whether we kneel or stand before God, whether we lift our hands
heavenward or close our eyes so we can better focus on God—it is not
the posture of our body, but of our heart that is important.
Everything we do “flows from [our heart]” (Prov. 4:23). When we pray,
may our hearts always be bowed in adoration, gratitude, and humility
to our loving God, for we know that His eyes are “open and [His] ears
attentive to the prayers” of His people (2 Chron. 6:40).

By:  Cindy Hess Kasper

Reflect & Pray

Lord, direct my focus always toward You and teach me to follow You in
obedience and love.

The highest form of prayer comes from the depths of a humble heart.
