https://odb.org/2019/04/03/situational-awareness/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

Situational Awareness

This is my prayer: that your love may abound more and more in
knowledge and depth of insight.
Philippians 1:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: Philippians 1:3–11

My family, all five of us, found ourselves in Rome over the Christmas
holidays. I don’t know when I’ve ever seen more people jammed together
in one place. As we snaked our way through crowds to see sights like
the Vatican and the Coliseum, I repeatedly emphasized to my kids the
practice of “situational awareness”—pay attention to where you are,
who’s around you, and what’s going on. We live in a day when the
world, at home and abroad, isn’t a safe place. And with the use of
cell phones and ear buds, kids (and adults for that matter) don’t
always practice an awareness of surroundings.

Situational awareness. This is an aspect of Paul’s prayer for the
believers in Philippi recorded in Philippians 1:9–11. His desire for
them was an ever-increasing discernment as to the who/what/where of
their situations. But rather than some goal of personal safety, Paul
prayed with a grander purpose that God’s holy people might be good
stewards of the love of Christ they’d received, discern “what is
best,” live “pure and blameless,” and be filled with good qualities
that only Jesus can produce. This kind of living springs from an
awareness that God is the who in our lives, and our increasing
reliance on Him is what brings Him pleasure. And in any and all
situations is where we can share from the overflow of His great love.

By:  John Blase

Reflect & Pray

How can you bring Christ’s love into your circumstances in a greater
way?

Father, wake us up so that Your love might abound more and more. To
learn more about developing a Christian worldview, visit
christianuniversity.org/WE102.
