http://odb.org/2015/05/19/the-great-healer/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_
medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Great Healer

I am the Lord, who heals you. —
Exodus 15:26

Today's Scripture & Insight: Genesis 2:7-15

The doctors I know are smart, hard-working, and compassionate. They
have relieved my suffering on many occasions, and I am grateful for
their expertise in diagnosing illnesses, prescribing medication,
setting broken bones, and stitching up wounds. But this does not mean
that I place my faith in physicians rather than in God.

For reasons known only to God, He appointed humans to be His partners
in the work of caring for creation (Gen. 2:15), and doctors are among
them. Doctors study medical science and learn how God designed the
body. They use this knowledge to help restore us to a healthy
condition. But the only reason doctors can do anything to make us
better is that God created us with the ability to heal. Surgeons would
be useless if incisions didn’t heal.

Scientists can learn how God created our bodies to function, and they
devise therapies to help restore or cure us, but they are not healers;
God is (Ex. 15:26). Doctors simply cooperate with God’s original
intent and design.

So I am grateful for science and doctors, but my praise and
thanksgiving go to God, who designed an orderly universe and who
created us with minds that can discover how it works. I believe,
therefore, that all healing is divine because no healing takes place
apart from God.

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

Father God, You are the Great Physician, and I ask for healing,
whether mind, body, spirit, or in all of these. I believe You will
give what is best. Thank You for Your goodness, kindness, and love in
all things.

When you think of all that’s good, give thanks to God.
