https://odb.org/2021/04/22/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The God of All Comfort

[God] comforts us in all our troubles, so that we can comfort those in
any trouble.
2 Corinthians 1:4

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Corinthians 1:3–7

Radamenes was just a kitten when his owner dropped him off at an
animal shelter, thinking he was too ill to recover. The kitten was
nursed back to health and adopted by the vet. He then became a
fulltime resident at the shelter and now spends his days “comforting”
cats and dogs—just out of surgery or recovering from an
illness—through his warm presence and gentle purr.

That story is a small picture of what our loving God does for us—and
what we can do for others in return. He cares for us in our sickness
and struggles, and He soothes us with His presence. The apostle Paul
in 2 Corinthians calls our God, “the Father of compassion and the God
of all comfort” (1:3). When we are discouraged, depressed, or
mistreated, He’s there for us. When we turn to Him in prayer, He
“comforts us in all our troubles” (v. 4).

But verse 4 doesn’t end there. Paul, who had experienced intense
suffering, continues, “so that we can comfort those in any trouble
with the comfort we ourselves receive from God.” Our Father comforts
us, and when we’ve experienced His comfort, we’re enabled to comfort
others.

Our compassionate Savior, who suffered for us, is more than able to
comfort us in our suffering and distress (v. 5). He helps us through
our pain and equips us to do the same for others.

By:  Alyson Kieda

Reflect & Pray

When have you experienced God’s comfort during a difficult time? When
have you offered God’s comfort to others?

Dear God, thank You for Your comforting presence in my pain and
sorrow. Help me in turn to be a comfort to others.
