https://odb.org/2020/01/30/strengthening-weak-knees/?utm_source=feedbu
rner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Brea
d%29

Strengthening Weak Knees

Strengthen the feeble hands, steady the knees that give way.
Isaiah 35:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 35:1–4

When I was a kid, I thought the song title “He Looked Beyond My Fault
and Saw My Need,” written by Dottie Rambo in 1967, was “He Looked
Beyond My Faults and Saw My Knees.” Employing the logic of a child, I
wondered why God would look at knees. Was it because they were weak? I
knew that weak-kneed meant “afraid.” I later discovered that Dottie
had written the song about God’s unconditional love in response to her
brother Eddie’s belief that he was unlovable because of the wrong
things he’d done. Dottie assured him that God saw his weakness but
loved him anyway.

God’s unconditional love is apparent throughout the many weak-kneed
moments of the people of Israel and Judah. He sent prophets like
Isaiah with messages for His wayward people. In Isaiah 35, the prophet
shares the hope of God’s restoration. The encouragement that would
come as a result of embracing hope would “strengthen the feeble hands,
steady the knees that give way” (v. 3). Through the encouragement they
received, God’s people would in turn be able to encourage others. This
is why Isaiah instructs in verse 4, “Say to those with fearful hearts,
‘Be strong, do not fear.’ ”

Feeling weak-kneed? Talk to your heavenly Father. He strengthens weak
knees through the truth of the Scriptures and the power of His
presence. You’ll then be able to encourage others.

By:  Linda Washington

Reflect & Pray

What are some of the ways you’ve been encouraged recently? How will
you encourage someone who’s facing hard times?

Father, I need Your strength and Your grace today.
