https://odb.org/2020/06/18/straight-ahead/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Straight Ahead

He did what was right in the eyes of the Lord . . . , not turning
aside to the right or to the left.
2 Kings 22:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Kings 22:1–2, 8–13

It used to take the steady eye and the firm hand of a farmer to drive
a tractor or combine down straight rows. But even the best eyes would
overlap rows, and by end of day even the strongest hands would be
fatigued. But now there’s autosteer—a GPS-based technology that allows
for accuracy to within one inch when planting, cultivating, and
spraying. It’s incredibly efficient and hands-free. Just imagine
sitting in a mammoth combine and instead of gripping the wheel, you’re
gripping a roast beef sandwich. An amazing tool to keep you moving
straight ahead.

You may recall the name Josiah. He was crowned king when he was only
“eight years old” (2 Kings 22:1). Years later, in his mid-twenties,
Hilkiah the high priest found “the Book of the Law” in the temple (v.
8). It was then read to the young king, who tore his robes in sorrow
due to his ancestors’ disobedience to God. Josiah set about to do what
was “right in the eyes of the Lord ” (v. 2). The book became a tool to
steer the people so there would be no turning to the right or left.
God’s instructions were there to set things straight.

Allowing the Scriptures to guide us day by day keeps our lives in line
with knowing God and His will. The Bible is an amazing tool that, if
followed, keeps us moving straight ahead.

By:  John Blase

Reflect & Pray

How is Bible reading a part of your daily routine? What Scriptures has
God been using to keep your life on track?

God, the Scriptures are a gift that brings truth and freedom to our
lives. Help me to hunger and thirst for Your words. To gain a high-
level perspective of what the Bible is about, visit bit.ly/2ksifCp.
