http://odb.org/2013/04/19/strengthened-through-suffering/

Strengthened Through Suffering

May the God of all grace, . . . after you have suffered a while, . . .
strengthen, and settle you. —
1 Peter 5:10

Today's Scripture: 1 Peter 5:1-11

Church services often end with a benediction. A common one is taken
from Peter’s concluding remarks in his first epistle: “May the God of
all grace, who called us to His eternal glory by Christ Jesus, after
you have suffered a while, perfect, establish, strengthen, and settle
you” (1 Peter 5:10). Sometimes omitted in the benediction is the
phrase “after you have suffered a while.” Why? Perhaps because it is
not pleasant to speak of suffering.

It should not surprise us, however, when suffering comes our way. The
apostle Paul, who knew well what it was to suffer, wrote: “All who
desire to live godly in Christ Jesus will suffer persecution” (2 Tim.
3:12).

If we live a life of submission to God (1 Peter 5:6) and resisting the
devil (v.9), we can expect to be maligned, misunderstood, and even
taken advantage of. But the apostle Peter says that there is a purpose
for such suffering. It is to “restore you and make you strong, firm,
and steadfast” (v.10 niv).

God’s path for our Christian growth often leads us through
difficulties, but they fortify us to withstand life’s future storms.
May God help us to be faithful as we seek to boldly live a life that
honors Him.

By:  C. P. Hia

Reflect & Pray

Forbid it, Lord, that I should be Afraid of persecution’s frown; For
Thou hast promised faithful ones That they shall wear the victor’s
crown. —Bosch

When God would make us strong He schools us through hardships.
