http://odb.org/2012/06/23/enemy-deceptions/

Enemy Deceptions

But I fear . . . as the serpent deceived Eve by his craftiness, so
your minds may be corrupted from the simplicity that is in Christ. —
2 Corinthians 11:3

Today's Scripture: John 8:42-47

Written in the sixth-century bc by Chinese general Sun Tzu, The Art of
War has been a guide for military thinking for centuries. But it has
also been used by men and women in a wide variety of other arenas,
including leadership, management, business, politics, and sports. What
Sun Tzu wrote about military warfare can help followers of Christ to
understand the tactics of our spiritual enemy: “All warfare is based
on deception. Hence, when able to attack, we must seem unable; when
using our forces, we must seem inactive; when we are near, we must
make the enemy believe we are far away; when far away, we must make
him believe we are near.”

Likewise, the spiritual warfare that Satan wages against us is also
based on deceit. In fact, the very first sin was the result of the
enemy’s deception. Notice what Paul said: “I fear, lest somehow, as
the serpent deceived Eve by his craftiness, so your minds may be
corrupted from the simplicity that is in Christ” (2 Cor. 11:3).

This truth is what gives such importance to our Lord’s warning that
Satan is the father of lies (John 8:44), ever seeking to deceive us.
What is our defense? To saturate our hearts in the truth of God’s
Word. Only God’s inspired truth can protect us against the deceptions
of the enemy.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Father, we know that the devil is clever, deceptive, and sly. We don’t
want to be tricked by him to swallow his lies. Help us to discern his
cunning methods and fill our minds with Your truth.

God’s truth is the best protection against Satan’s lies.
