https://odb.org/2019/08/09/indestructible-love/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Indestructible Love

Many waters cannot quench love; rivers cannot sweep it away.
Song of Songs 8:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: Song of Songs 8:6–7

When we first saw the stream in our backyard, it was just a thin vein
of water trickling through a bed of rocks in the heat of the summer.
Heavy wooden planks served as a bridge we could easily cross. Months
later, torrents of rain pounded our area for several days in a row.
Our tame little creek swelled into a quick-moving river four-feet deep
and ten-feet wide! The force of this water heaved the bridgeboards up
and deposited them several feet away.

Rushing water has the potential to overwhelm almost anything that
stands in its path. Yet there’s something that’s indestructible in the
face of a flood or other forces that might threaten to destroy
it—love. “Many waters cannot quench love; rivers cannot sweep it away”
(Song of Songs 8:7). Love’s persistent strength and intensity is often
present in romantic relationships, but it’s only fully expressed in
the love God has for people through His Son, Jesus Christ.

When the things we consider to be sturdy and dependable are swept
away, our disappointment can open the door to a new understanding of
God’s love for us. His affection is higher and deeper and stronger and
longer lasting than anything on earth. Whatever we face, we face with
Him beside us—holding us up, helping us along, and reminding us that
we’re loved.

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

How can you be sure God will always love you? What’s the outcome of
God’s love in your life?

Heavenly Father, thank You for comforting me with Your love during
times of rejection or loss. Help me to believe I can depend on You to
meet every need in my soul.
