https://odb.org/2018/02/17/fleeing-to-strength/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Fleeing to Strength

You were bought at a price. Therefore honor God with your bodies.
1 Corinthians 6:20

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Corinthians 6:12–20

“Parry four!”

When I began fencing in high school, my coach would shout the correct
defensive position (“parry”) against the move he was making. When he
extended his weapon and lunged, to repel the attack I had to listen
and respond immediately.

That active listening brings to mind the prompt obedience Scripture
calls for in the area of sexual temptation. In 1 Corinthians 6:18 Paul
writes to believers tempted to solicit pagan temple prostitutes,
telling them to “flee from sexual immorality.” Sometimes we are to
“stand firm” in challenging circumstances (Galatians 5:1; Ephesians
6:11), but here the Bible practically shouts our best defense: “Run
away!”

Immediate action guards against compromise. Small compromises can lead
to devastating defeats. An unrestrained thought, a glance in the wrong
place on the Internet, a flirting friendship when you’re already
married—each are steps that take us where we shouldn’t go and put
distance between us and God.

When we flee temptation, God also provides a place to run. Through
Jesus’s death on the cross for our sins, He offers us hope,
forgiveness, and a new beginning—no matter where we’ve been or what
we’ve done. When we run to Jesus in our weakness, He sets us free to
live in His strength.

By:  James Banks

Reflect & Pray

Lord Jesus, out of love You gave Yourself on the cross for us. I give
myself to You in obedience to Your will.

God alone can meet our deepest needs and give us soul-deep
satisfaction.
