https://odb.org/2020/01/01/prompted-to-pray/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Prompted to Pray

I constantly remember you in my prayers.
2 Timothy 1:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Timothy 2:1–8

“Several years ago I was prompted to pray for you often, and I wonder
why.”

That text message from an old friend came with a photo of a note she’d
kept in her Bible: “Pray for James. Cover mind, thoughts, words.”
Beside my name she’d recorded three separate years.

I looked at the years and caught my breath. I wrote back and asked
what month she began to pray. She responded, “Sometime around July.”

That was the month I was preparing to leave home for extended study
abroad. I would be facing an unfamiliar culture and language and have
my faith challenged like never before. As I looked at the note, I
realized I’d received the precious gift of generous prayer.

My friend’s kindness reminded me of another “prompting” to pray,
Paul’s instruction to his young missionary friend Timothy: “I urge,
then, first of all, that petitions, prayers, intercession and
thanksgiving be made for all people” (1 Timothy 2:1). The phrase
“first of all” indicates highest priority. Our prayers matter, Paul
explains, because God “wants all people to be saved and to come to a
knowledge of the truth” about Jesus (v. 4).

God moves through faithful prayer in countless ways to encourage
others and draw them near to Himself. We may not know someone’s
circumstances when they come to mind, but God does. And He’ll help
that person as we pray!

By:  James Banks

Reflect & Pray

Who comes to mind that needs your prayers in this new year? How can
you remind yourself to pray for them often?

Loving God, please help me to pray often and to make a lasting
difference in others’ lives through my intercession for them. To learn
more about prayer, visit https://bit.ly/2kTeSVt.
