http://odb.org/2013/11/25/spiritual-plagiarism/

Spiritual Plagiarism

The Word became flesh and dwelt among us, and we beheld His glory, the
glory as of the only begotten of the Father, full of grace and truth.
—
John 1:14

Today's Scripture: John 1:1-18

When I teach English composition, I require students to write in
class. I know that in-class writing is their own work, so in this way
I become familiar with each student’s writing voice and am able to
detect if they “borrow” a bit too heavily from another writer.
Students are surprised to learn that their writing voice—which
includes what they say as well as how they say it—is as distinctive as
their speaking voice. Just as the words we speak come from our hearts,
so do the words we write. They reveal who we are.

We become familiar with God’s voice in much the same way. By reading
what He has written, we learn who He is and how He expresses Himself.
Satan, however, tries to make himself sound like God (2 Cor. 11:14).
By using God’s words in a slightly altered fashion, he comes up with
convincing arguments for things that are untrue. For example, by
convincing people to do things that simulate godliness, such as
trusting in an outward regimen of self-discipline rather than Christ’s
death for salvation (Col. 2:23), Satan has led many astray.

God went to extremes to make sure we’d recognize His voice. He not
only gave us His Word, He gave us the Word made flesh—Jesus (John
1:14)—so that we will not be easily deceived or misled.

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

Instill within my heart, dear Lord, A deep desire to know Your Word, I
want to learn to hear Your voice That I may make Your will my choice.
—D. DeHaan

Your Word is very pure; therefore Your servant loves it. —Psalm
119:140
