https://odb.org/2021/02/22/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Like Jesus

For those God foreknew he also predestined to be conformed to the
image of his Son.
Romans 8:29

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 8:22–30

As a boy, theologian Bruce Ware was frustrated that 1 Peter 2:21–23
calls us to be like Jesus. Ware wrote of his youthful exasperation in
his book The Man Christ Jesus. “Not fair, I determined. Especially
when the passage says to follow in the steps of one ‘who did no sin.’
This was totally outlandish . . . . I just couldn’t see how God could
really mean for us to take it seriously.”

I understand why Ware would find such a biblical challenge so
daunting! An old chorus says, “To be like Jesus, to be like Jesus. My
desire, to be like Him.” But as Ware rightly noted, we are incapable
of doing that. Left to ourselves, we could never become like Jesus.

However, we’re not left to ourselves. The Holy Spirit has been given
to the child of God, in part so that Christ can be formed in us
(Galatians 4:19). So it should come as no surprise that in Paul’s
great chapter on the Spirit we read, “For those God foreknew he also
predestined to be conformed to the image of his Son” (Romans 8:29).
God will see His work completed in us. And He does it through the
Spirit of Jesus living in us.

As we yield to the Spirit’s work in us, we truly become more like
Jesus. How comforting to know that’s God’s great desire for us!

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

What attribute of the fruit of the Spirit would you like to live out
to a greater degree? (see Galatians 5:22–23). What will help you do
so?

Father, I long to be more like Your Son but so often fall short in
word, thought, or deed. Forgive me, and help me to yield to the work
of Your Spirit so that Jesus might be formed in me. For further study,
read Free in the Spirit at DiscoverySeries.org/Q0307.
