http://odb.org/2015/09/27/consider-the-poor-2/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Consider the Poor

The righteous considers the cause of the poor. —nkjv
Proverbs 29:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 25:31-40

The year was 1780, and Robert Raikes had a burden for the poor,
illiterate children in his London neighborhood. He noticed that
nothing was being done to help these children, so he set out to make a
difference.

He hired some women to set up schools for them on Sunday. Using the
Bible as their textbook, the teachers taught the poorest children of
London to read and introduced them to the wisdom of the Bible. Soon
about 100 children were attending these classes and enjoying lunch in
a safe, clean environment. These “Sunday schools,” as they were soon
called, eventually touched the lives of thousands of boys and girls.
By 1831, Sunday schools in Great Britain reached more than a million
children—all because one man understood this truth: “The righteous
considers the cause of the poor” (Prov. 29:7 nkjv).

It’s no secret that Jesus cares greatly for those who struggle. In
Matthew 25, He suggests that followers of Christ show a readiness for
the Lord’s return by helping the hungry to get food, helping the
thirsty to get a drink, helping the homeless to find a home, helping
the naked to get clothes, and helping the sick or imprisoned to
receive comfort (vv. 35-36).

As we bear witness that Christ is in our hearts, we honor our
compassionate Savior by considering those on God’s heart.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

Awaken my heart, Lord, to those You care about, including the poor and
helpless, the hungry and homeless, the troubled and hopeless in our
world.

Open your heart to God to learn compassion, and open your hand to give
help.
