https://odb.org/2020/12/06/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Aunt Betty’s Way

This is how we know that we love the children of God: by loving God
and carrying out his commands.
1 John 5:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 John 5:1–6

When I was young, whenever my doting Aunt Betty visited, it felt like
Christmas. She’d bring Star Wars toys and slip me cash on her way out
the door. Whenever I stayed with her, she filled the freezer with ice
cream and never cooked vegetables. She had few rules and let me stay
up late. My aunt was marvelous, reflecting God’s generosity. However,
to grow up healthy, I needed more than only Aunt Betty’s way. I also
needed my parents to place expectations on me and my behavior and hold
me to them.

God asks more of me than Aunt Betty. While He floods us with
relentless love, a love that never wavers even when we resist or run
away, He does expect something of us. When God instructed Israel how
to live, He provided Ten Commandments, not ten suggestions (Exodus
20:1–17). Aware of our self-deception, God offers clear expectations:
we’re to “[love] God and [carry] out his commands” (1 John 5:2).

Thankfully, “[God’s] commands are not burdensome” (v. 3). By the Holy
Spirit’s power, we can live them out as we experience God’s love and
joy. His love for us is unceasing. But the Scriptures offer a question
to help us know if we love God in return: Are we obeying His commands
as the Spirit guides us?

We can say we love God, but what we do in His strength tells the real
story.

By:  Winn Collier

Reflect & Pray

When do you find it most difficult to obey God? How does this
connection between obedience and love offer new insight for your life
in Christ?

God, I say I love You, but it’s hard to love. It’s hard to obey. Help
me see the truth and to love You with my actions.
