https://odb.org/2021/04/29/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Working Together

If you do this and God so commands, you will be able to stand the
strain, and all these people will go home satisfied.
Exodus 18:23

Today's Scripture & Insight: Exodus 18:13–23

Joe worked more than twelve hours a day, often without taking breaks.
Starting a charitable business demanded so much time and energy that
he had little left to offer his wife and children when he got home.
After the toll of chronic stress landed Joe in the hospital, a friend
offered to organize a team to help him. Though he dreaded giving up
control, Joe knew he couldn’t keep up his current pace. He agreed to
trust his friend—and God—as he delegated responsibilities to the group
of people they chose together. A year later, Joe admitted that the
charity and his family could never have prospered if he’d refused the
help God had sent him.

God didn’t design people to thrive without the support of a loving
community. In Exodus 18, Moses led the Israelites through the
wilderness. He tried serving God’s people as a teacher, a counselor,
and a judge all on his own. When his father-in-law visited, he offered
Moses advice: “You and these people who come to you will only wear
yourselves out,” said Jethro. “The work is too heavy for you; you
cannot handle it alone” (Exodus 18:18). He encouraged Moses to share
the workload with faithful people. Moses accepted help and the whole
community benefited.

When we trust that God works in and through all His people as we work
together, we can find true rest.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

How can you trust God by asking for help or offering help to someone
in leadership this week? How has He provided you the support of
trustworthy people?

Father God, thank You for never asking me to handle life without Your
help or the support of others.
