http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/odb/feed/~3/xQkPlGayuqc/

Trusting God Even If

The God we serve is able to deliver us.
Daniel 3:17

Today's Scripture: Daniel 3:13–25

Due to an injury that occurred in 1992, I suffer from chronic pain in
my upper back, shoulders, and neck. During the most excruciating and
disheartening moments, it’s not always easy to trust or praise the
Lord. But when my situation feels unbearable, God’s constant presence
comforts me. He strengthens me and reassures me of His unchanging
goodness, limitless power, and sustaining grace. And when I’m tempted
to doubt my Lord, I’m encouraged by the determined faith of Shadrach,
Meshach, and Abednego. They worshiped God and trusted He was with
them, even when their situation seemed hopeless.

When King Nebuchadnezzar threatened to throw them into a blazing
furnace if they didn’t turn away from the true God to worship his
golden statue (Dan. 3:13–15), these three men displayed courageous and
confident faith. They never doubted the Lord was worthy of their
worship (v. 17), “even if” He didn’t rescue them from their current
predicament (v. 18). And God didn’t leave them alone in their time of
need; He joined and protected them in the furnace (vv. 24–25).

God doesn’t leave us alone either. He remains with us through trials
that can feel as destructive as Nebuchadnezzar’s furnace. Even if our
suffering doesn’t end on this side of eternity, God is and always will
be mighty, trustworthy, and good. We can rely on His constant and
loving presence.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

Lord, thank You for being with us, no matter what we’re going through.
Share this prayer from our Facebook page: Facebook.com/ourdailybread.

Faith relies on our Almighty God’s unchanging character, not on our
circumstances.
