https://odb.org/2017/06/23/playing-in-concert/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Playing in Concert

So in Christ we, though many, form one body, and each member belongs
to all the others. We have different gifts, according to the grace
given to each of us.
Romans 12:5–6

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 12:3–8

During our granddaughter’s school band concert, I was impressed by how
well this group of 11- and 12-year-olds played together. If each of
them had wanted to be a solo performer, they could not have achieved
individually what the band did collectively. The woodwinds, brass, and
percussion sections all played their parts and the result was
beautiful music!

To the followers of Jesus in Rome, Paul wrote, “In Christ we, though
many, form one body, and each member belongs to all the others. We
have different gifts, according to the grace given to each of us”
(Rom. 12:5–6). Among the gifts Paul mentioned are prophecy, service,
teaching, encouragement, giving, leadership, and mercy (vv. 7–8). Each
gift is to be exercised freely for the good of all (1 Cor. 12:7).

One definition of in concert is “agreement in design or plan; combined
action; harmony or accord.” That’s the Lord’s plan for us as His
children through faith in Jesus Christ. “Be devoted to one another in
love. Honor one another above yourselves” (v. 10). The goal is
cooperation, not competition.

In a sense, we are “on stage” before a watching and listening world
every day. There are no soloists in God’s concert band, but every
instrument is essential. The music is best when we each play our part
in unity with others.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Lord, You are the Conductor of our lives. We want to play Your song of
love and grace in concert with Your children today.

There are no soloists in God’s orchestra.
