http://odb.org/2012/12/15/twenty-seven-percent/

Twenty-Seven Percent

Therefore, since all these things will be dissolved, what manner of
persons ought you to be in holy conduct and godliness? —
2 Peter 3:11

Today's Scripture: 2 Peter 3:1-13

People’s attitudes toward Bible prophecy vary widely. Some believers
are so preoccupied with it that they are constantly talking about the
latest world events, thinking they are biblical signs that Christ
could return at any moment. Others are so casual in their view of
prophecy that it seems as if they don’t believe it’s relevant to the
Christian life at all.

So is prophecy important? Here are some facts to help put things in
perspective. There are 31,124 verses in the Bible. Of these verses,
8,352 have prophetic content of some kind. That’s 27 percent of
Scripture!

Because prophecy occupies more than a quarter of Scripture, the
believer should deeply value its role in God’s revelation. But in
doing so, we should remember why God put it there. After describing
how the world will end, Peter concludes, “Since everything will be
destroyed in this way, what kind of people ought you to be? You ought
to live holy and godly lives” (2 Peter 3:11 niv). In other words, we
should make choices daily for godly living that conform to our future
dwelling place.

God has given us information about the future to glorify Himself, to
assure us of His sovereign control of history, and to challenge us to
godly living.

By:  Dennis Fisher

Reflect & Pray

He is coming! I shall know Him, Jesus! My beloved Lord! Changed
forever to His likeness; Oh! what joy this will afford. —Dimmock

Look for Christ’s return and you’ll live for Christ’s glory.
