https://odb.org/2020/02/07/working-for-gods-glory/?utm_source=feedburn
er&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%
29

Does What We Do Matter?

Whatever you do, do it all for the glory of God.
1 Corinthians 10:31

Today's Scripture & Insight: Colossians 3:12–17

I dropped my forehead to my hand with a sigh, “I don’t know how I’m
going to get it all done.” My friend’s voice crackled through the
phone: “You have to give yourself some credit. You’re doing a lot.” He
then listed the things I was trying to do—maintain a healthy
lifestyle, work, do well in graduate school, write, and attend a Bible
study. I wanted to do all these things for God, but instead I was more
focused on what I was doing than how I was doing it—or that perhaps I
was trying to do too much.

Paul reminded the church in Colossae that they were to live in a way
that glorified God. Ultimately, what they specifically did on a day-
to-day basis was not as important as how they did it. They were to do
their work with “compassion, kindness, humility, gentleness and
patience” (Colossians 3:12), to be forgiving, and above all to love
(vv. 13–14) and to “do it all in the name of the Lord Jesus” (v. 17).
Their work wasn’t to be separated from Christlike living.

What we do matters, but how we do it, why, and who we do it for
matters more. Each day we can choose to work in a stressed-out way or
in a way that honors God and seeks out the meaning Jesus adds to our
work. When we pursue the latter, we find satisfaction.

By:  Julie Schwab

Reflect & Pray

In what ways do you do things out of need or obligation rather than
for God’s glory? How do you think meaning is found in Christ rather
than accomplishments?

Jesus, forgive me for the times I stress over what I’m trying to
accomplish. Help me to instead seek to accomplish things for Your
glory.
