https://odb.org/2019/11/16/dad-where-are-you/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Dad, Where Are You?

The Lord himself goes before you and will be with you; he will never
leave you nor forsake you. Do not be afraid; do not be discouraged.
Deuteronomy 31:8

Today's Scripture & Insight: Deuteronomy 31:1–8

“Dad! Where are you?”

I was pulling into our driveway when my daughter, panicking, called me
on my cell phone. I’d needed to be home by 6:00 to get her to play
practice; I was on time. My daughter’s voice, however, betrayed her
lack of trust. Reflexively, I responded: “I’m here. Why don’t you
trust me?”

But as I spoke those words, I wondered, How often could my heavenly
Father ask that of me? In stressful moments, I too am impatient. I too
struggle to trust, to believe God will keep His promises. So I cry
out: “Father, where are you?”

Amid stress and uncertainty, I sometimes doubt God’s presence, or even
His goodness and purposes for me. The Israelites did too. In
Deuteronomy 31, they were preparing to enter the Promised Land,
knowing their leader, Moses, would stay behind. Moses sought to
reassure God’s people by reminding them, “The Lord himself goes before
you and will be with you; he will never leave you nor forsake you. Do
not be afraid; do not be discouraged” (v. 8).

That promise—that God is always with us—remains a cornerstone of our
faith today (see Matthew 1:23; Hebrews 13:5). Indeed, Revelation 21:3
culminates with these words: “God’s dwelling place is now among the
people, and he will dwell with them.”

Where is God? He’s right here, right now, right with us—always ready
to hear our prayers.

By:  Adam R. Holz

Reflect & Pray

What Scripture brings to mind the truth of God’s presence? Place it
somewhere easily visible to remind you.

Father, help us to see how much You love us!
