https://odb.org/2020/10/31/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Sticks, Bricks, and God

The Lord gave and the Lord has taken away; may the name of the Lord be
praised.
Job 1:21

Today's Scripture & Insight: Job 1:18–22

After praying about what God was calling them to do in the next phase
of their lives, Mark and Nina determined that moving to the urban core
of the city was what they needed to do. They purchased a vacant house
and renovation was well underway—then came the storm. Mark wrote in a
text message to me: “We had a surprise this morning. The tornado that
came through Jefferson City, took out our renovation—down to sticks
and bricks. God is up to something.”

Uncontrollable storms are not the only things that surprise us and
create confusion in our lives. Not losing sight of God in the midst of
misfortune, however, is one of the keys of survival.

The weather catastrophe in Job’s life that resulted in his loss of
property and the death of his children (Job 1:19) was but one of the
shocking surprises he faced. Prior to that, three messengers had come
bearing bad news (vv. 13–17).

On any given day, we can go from feasting to mourning, from
celebrating life to processing death, or some other life challenge.
Our lives can swiftly be reduced to “sticks and bricks”—financially,
relationally, physically, emotionally, spiritually. But God is
mightier than any storm. Surviving life’s trials requires faith that’s
focused on Him—faith that enables us to say with Job and others, “May
the name of the Lord be praised” (v. 21).

By:  Arthur Jackson

Reflect & Pray

What has helped to clear your vision when you’ve lost sight of God?
What can you learn from Job that will help you when the storms of life
come?

Father, forgive me for the times I lose sight of You in the midst of
life’s difficulties. Help me to see You with fresh eyes.
