https://odb.org/2019/12/30/a-designed-deficiency/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

A Designed Deficiency

You did not look to the One who made it, or have regard for the One
who planned it long ago.
Isaiah 22:11

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 22:8–11

There’s a natural spring that rises on the east side of the city of
Jerusalem. In ancient times it was the city’s only water supply and
was located outside the walls. Thus it was the point of Jerusalem’s
greatest vulnerability. The exposed spring meant that the city,
otherwise impenetrable, could be forced to surrender if an attacker
were to divert or dam the spring.

King Hezekiah addressed this weakness by driving a tunnel through
1,750 feet of solid rock from the spring into the city where it flowed
into the “Lower Pool” (see 2 Kings 20:20; 2 Chronicles 32:2–4). But in
all of this, Hezekiah “did not look to the One who made it, or have
regard for the One who planned it long ago” (Isaiah 22:11). Planned
what?

God Himself “planned” the city of Jerusalem in such a way that its
water supply was unprotected. The spring outside the wall was a
constant reminder that the inhabitants of the city must depend solely
on Him for their salvation.

Can it be that our deficiencies exist for our good? Indeed, the
apostle Paul said that he would “boast” in his limitations, because it
was through weakness that the beauty and power of Jesus was seen in
him (2 Corinthians 12:9–10). Can we then regard each limitation as a
gift that reveals God as our strength?

By:  David H. Roper

Reflect & Pray

What are your deficiencies? How are they helping you gain trust in
God?

God, I’m weak. I pray that others would see that You are my strength.
