https://odb.org/2019/06/20/present-in-the-storm/?utm_source=feedburner
&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Present in the Storm

The Lord Almighty is with us; the God of Jacob is our fortress.
Psalm 46:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 46

Fire swept through the home of a family of six from our church.
Although the father and son survived, the father was still
hospitalized while his wife, mother, and two small children were laid
to rest. Unfortunately, heartbreaking events like this continue to
happen again and again. When they’re replayed, so is the age-old
question: Why do bad things happen to good people? And it doesn’t
surprise us that this old question doesn’t have new answers.

Yet the truth that the psalmist puts forth in Psalm 46 has also been
replayed and rehearsed and embraced repeatedly. “God is our refuge and
strength, an ever-present help in trouble” (v. 1). The conditions
described in verses 2–3 are catastrophic—earth and mountains moving
and sea waters raging. We shudder when we imagine being in the midst
of the stormy conditions poetically pictured here. But sometimes we do
find ourselves there—in the swirling throes of a terminal illness,
tossed about by a devastating financial crisis, stung and stunned by
the deaths of loved ones.

It’s tempting to rationalize that the presence of trouble means the
absence of God. But the truth of Scripture counters such notions. “The
Lord Almighty is with us; the God of Jacob is our fortress” (vv. 7,
11). He is present when our circumstances are unbearable, and we find
comfort in His character: He is good, loving, and trustworthy.

By:  Arthur Jackson

Reflect & Pray

When did a challenge in life cause you to question if God was
present? What helped to turn the situation around for you?

Father, help me to trust the truth of Your Word when it’s hard for me
to sense Your care or presence.
