https://odb.org/2017/11/10/the-hand-of-comfort/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Hand of Comfort

Praise be to the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, . . . who
comforts us in all our troubles.
2 Corinthians 1:3–4

Today's Scripture & Insight: 2 Corinthians 1:3–7

“Patient is combative,” the nurse’s notes read.

What she didn’t realize until later was that I was having an allergic
reaction as I awakened after a complicated open-heart surgery. I was a
mess, with a tube down my throat. My body began shaking violently,
straining against the straps on my arms, which were there to keep me
from suddenly pulling out my breathing tube. It was a frightening and
painful episode. At one point, a nurse’s assistant to the right side
of my bed reached down and simply held my hand. It was an unexpected
move, and it struck me as especially gentle. I began to relax, which
caused my body to stop shaking so badly.

Having experienced this with other patients, the nurse’s assistant
knew that a hand of comfort could minister to me as well. It was a
vivid example of how God uses comfort when His children suffer.

Comfort is a powerful and memorable tool for any caregiver, and Paul
tells us in 2 Corinthians 1:3–4 it’s an important part of God’s
toolbox. Not only that, but God also multiplies the impact of His
comfort by calling us to use the memory of the comfort He gives us to
comfort others in similar situations (vv. 4–7). It is but another sign
of His great love; and one we can share with others—sometimes in the
simplest of gestures.

By:  Randy Kilgore

Reflect & Pray

Thank You, Father, for the comfort You provide to us, either directly
or through the acts of Your children. Help us to see where we can
apply that same comfort to others in and for Your name.

Simple gestures can bring powerful comfort.
