https://odb.org/2018/12/04/questions-at-christmas/?utm_source=feedburn
er&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%
29

Questions at Christmas

“But what about you?” [Jesus] asked. “Who do you say I am?”
Matthew 16:15

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 16:13–21

Well before the calendar flips to December, Christmas cheer begins to
bubble up in our northern town. A medical office drapes its trees and
shrubs in close-fitting strings of lights, each a different color,
illuminating a breathtaking nighttime landscape. Another business
decorates its building to look like an enormous, extravagantly wrapped
Christmas present. It’s difficult to turn anywhere without seeing
evidence of Christmas spirit—or at least seasonal marketing.

Some people love these lavish displays. Others take a more cynical
view. But the crucial question isn’t how others observe Christmas.
Rather, we each need to consider what the celebration means to us.

A little more than thirty years after His birth, Jesus asked His
disciples, “Who do people say the Son of Man is?” (Matthew 16:13).
They gave responses others had given: John the Baptist, Elijah, maybe
another prophet. Then Jesus made it personal: “Who do you say I am?”
(v. 15). Peter replied, “You are the Messiah, the Son of the living
God” (v. 16).

Many will celebrate Christmas without a thought about who the Baby
really is. As we interact with them, we can help them consider these
crucial questions: Is Christmas just a heartwarming story about a baby
born in a stable? Or did our Creator visit His creation and become one
of us?

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Father in heaven, may our Christmas celebrations this year, whether
lavish or small, honor the Messiah who came to redeem His creation.
For more on the life of Christ, see christianuniversity.org/NT111.

Who do you say Jesus is?
