https://odb.org/2019/09/25/false-places-of-safety/?utm_source=feedburn
er&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%
29

False Places of Safety

The kingdom of God has come near. Repent and believe the good news!
Mark 1:15

Today's Scripture & Insight: Mark 1:9–15

When our dog Rupert was a puppy, he was so afraid of going outside I’d
have to drag him to the park. After getting him there one day, I
foolishly let him off his leash. He sprinted home, back to his place
of safety.

That experience reminded me of a man I met on a plane, who began
apologizing to me as we taxied down the runway. “I’m going to get
drunk on this flight,” he said. “It sounds like you don’t want to,” I
replied. “I don’t,” he said, “but I always run back to the wine.” He
got drunk, and the saddest part was watching his wife embrace him when
he got off the plane, smell his breath, then push him away. Drink was
his place of safety, but it was no safe place at all.

Jesus began His mission with the words, “The kingdom of God has come
near. Repent and believe the good news!” (Mark 1:15). “Repent” means
to reverse direction. The “kingdom of God” is His loving rule over our
lives. Instead of running to places that entrap us, or being ruled by
fears and addictions, Jesus says we can be ruled by God Himself, who
lovingly leads us to new life and freedom.

Today Rupert runs to the park barking with joy. I pray the man on the
plane finds that same joy and freedom, leaving behind his false place
of safety.

By:  Sheridan Voysey

Reflect & Pray

What false place of safety do you run to in times of fear or stress?
How will you leave it behind today and place yourself under God’s
freeing rule?

Jesus, forgive me for running to anything but You in search of life
and happiness. I turn away from those things now, and turn my life
over to You. Lead me to real freedom.
