http://odb.org/2013/05/22/a-missed-lunch/

A Missed Lunch

Jesus said to them, “My food is to do the will of Him who sent Me, and
to finish His work.” —
John 4:34

Today's Scripture: John 4:27-38

For me, food is more than a necessity—it’s a wonderfully enjoyable
part of life! I enjoy sitting down to a well-prepared meal, especially
when I’m feeling hungry. I imagine that the disciples were hungry for
lunch when they returned to the well where Jesus was interacting with
the Samaritan woman. They urged Him, “Rabbi, eat” (John 4:31). His
response? “I have food to eat of which you do not know” (v.32), which
made them wonder if someone had already brought Him something to eat
(v.33).

I wonder if the disciples were so consumed with thinking about food
that they couldn’t see past their picnic. They didn’t understand the
significance of what was going on at the well. The most important
thing to Jesus was “to do the will of Him who sent Me, and to finish
His work” (v.34). He was focused on the spiritual needs of this woman
who desperately needed what only He could give.

It’s easy to become preoccupied with needs of the moment. But Jesus
invites us to get beyond our own interests—our own little “lunch”—to
open our eyes to the souls who are searching for answers to their
deepest needs.

So, join Jesus at the well, and let Him use you to tell others about
the spiritual food only He can give.

By:  Joe Stowell

Reflect & Pray

Dear Lord, may my eyes be fixed not just on the things I am interested
in, but lift my eyes to see the needy souls around me. Give me passion
for the lost and the joy of seeing others satisfied in You.

Be hungry to satisfy the needs of others around you.
