https://odb.org/2020/11/05/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Destroy This House

Destroy this temple, and I will raise it again in three days.
John 2:19

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 2:13–25

In Pontiac, Michigan, a demolition company bulldozed the wrong
building. Investigators believe that the owner of a house scheduled to
be demolished nailed the numbers of his own address to a neighbor’s
house to avoid demolition.

Jesus did the opposite. He was on a mission to let his own “house” be
torn down for the sake of others. Imagine the scene and how confused
everyone must have been, including Jesus’ own disciples. Picture them
eyeing one another as He challenged the religious leaders. “Destroy
this temple,” Christ said, “and I will raise it again in three days”
(John 2:19). The leaders retorted indignantly, “It has taken forty-six
years to build this temple, and you are going to raise it in three
days?” (v. 20). But Jesus knew He was referring to the temple of His
own body (v. 21). They didn’t.

They didn’t understand He’d come to show that the harm we do to
ourselves and to one another would ultimately fall on Him. He would
atone for it.

God has always known our hearts far better than we do. So He didn’t
entrust the fullness of His plans even to those who saw His miracles
and believed in Him (vv. 23–25). Then as now He was slowly revealing
the love and goodness in Jesus’ words that we couldn’t understand even
if He told us.

By:  Mart DeHaan

Reflect & Pray

What emotions do you usually associate with Jesus’ “cleansing of the
temple”? How can you see something more merciful and compassionate now
that you understand what Jesus meant?

Father in heaven, please help me to believe that You're always working
in the background doing far more—and much better—than I know or
understand.
