http://odb.org/2016/04/05/dont-walk-away/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Don’t Walk Away

Before you were born I set you apart.
Jeremiah 1:5

Today's Scripture & Insight: Jeremiah 1:4-9

In 1986, John Piper nearly quit as minister of a large church. At that
time he admitted in his journal: “I am so discouraged. I am so blank.
I feel like there are opponents on every hand.” But Piper didn’t walk
away, and God used him to lead a thriving ministry that would
eventually reach far beyond his church.

Although success is a word easily misunderstood, we might call John
Piper successful. But what if his ministry had never flourished?

God gave the prophet Jeremiah a direct call. “Before I formed you in
the womb I knew you,” God said. “Before you were born I set you apart”
(Jer. 1:5). God encouraged him not to fear his enemies, “for I am with
you and will rescue you” (v. 8).

Jeremiah later lamented his commission with ironic language for a man
with a prenatal calling. “Alas, my mother, that you gave me birth, a
man with whom the whole land strives and contends!” (15:10).

God did protect Jeremiah, but his ministry never thrived. His people
never repented. He saw them slaughtered, enslaved, and scattered. Yet
despite a lifetime of discouragement and rejection, he never walked
away. He knew that God didn’t call him to success but to faithfulness.
He trusted the God who called him. Jeremiah’s resilient compassion
shows us the heart of the Father, who yearns for everyone to turn to
Him.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Do you sense a call from God? Where in your calling have you
encountered discouragement? How do you define success, and how do you
react to it when you experience it?

Beware of giving up too soon. Our emotions are not reliable guides.
John Piper
