http://odb.org/2013/05/10/waiting-to-cheer/

Waiting To Cheer

. . . to know the love of Christ which passes knowledge; that you may
be filled with all the fullness of God. —
Ephesians 3:19

Today's Scripture: Ephesians 3:14-21

In his very first Little League baseball game, a young player on the
team I was coaching got hit in the face with a ball. He was not hurt
but was understandably shaken. For the rest of the season, he was
afraid of the ball. Game after game, he bravely tried, but he just
couldn’t seem to hit the ball.

In our final game, we were hopelessly behind, with nothing to cheer
about. Then that young man stepped up to take his turn. Thwack! To
everyone’s surprise, he hit the ball sharply! His teammates went wild;
his parents and his teammates’ parents cheered loudly. Even though we
were still losing the game, I was jumping up and down! We all loved
this kid and cheered him on.

I imagine that the Lord cheers us on in our lives as well. He loves us
deeply and desires that we “may be able to comprehend . . . what is
the width and length and depth and height—to know the love of Christ
which passes knowledge” (Eph. 3:18-19).

Some think of the Lord as unloving and waiting for us to slip up so He
can punish us. So we have the privilege of telling them of His deep
love for them. Imagine their joy when they hear about the God who
loves them so much that He sent His only Son to die on the cross for
their sin and who wants to cheer them on!

By:  Randy Kilgore

Reflect & Pray

Help us, heavenly Father, to see the many ways You love and encourage
us; then help us to love and encourage those around us so that they
can see You in us.

The nail-pierced hands of Jesus reveal the love-filled heart of God.
