https://odb.org/2018/12/28/good-riddance-day/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Good Riddance Day

As far as the east is from the west, so far has he removed our
transgressions from us.
Psalm 103:12

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 103:1–12

Since 2006 a group of people have celebrated an unusual event around
the New Year. It’s called Good Riddance Day. Based on a Latin American
tradition, individuals write down unpleasant, embarrassing memories
and bad issues from the past year and throw them into an industrial-
strength shredder. Or some take a sledgehammer to their good riddance
item.

The writer of Psalm 103 goes beyond suggesting that people say good
riddance to unpleasant memories. He reminded us that God bids good
riddance to our sins. In his attempt to express God’s vast love for
His people, the psalmist used word pictures. He compared the vastness
of God’s love to the distance between the heavens and the earth (v.
11). Then the psalmist talked about His forgiveness in spatial terms.
As far as the place where the sun rises is from the place where the
sun sets, so the Lord has removed His people’s sins from them (v. 12).
The psalmist wanted God’s people to know that His love and forgiveness
were infinite and complete. God freed His people from the power of
their transgressions by fully pardoning them.

Good news! We don’t have to wait until the New Year to experience Good
Riddance Day. Through our faith in Jesus, when we confess and turn
from our sins, He bids good riddance to them and casts them into the
depths of the sea. Today can be a Good Riddance Day!

By:  Marvin Williams

Reflect & Pray

Thank You, Father, for freedom from sin.

What sins do you need to say goodbye to? How does it make you feel
knowing that God infinitely and completely forgets your sins?
