https://odb.org/2018/07/12/an-anchor-when-were-afraid/?utm_source=feed
burner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Br
ead%29

An Anchor When We’re Afraid

I, even I, am he who comforts you.
Isaiah 51:12

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 51:12–16

Are you a worrier? I am. I wrestle with anxiety almost daily. I worry
about big things. I worry about small things. Sometimes, it seems like
I worry about everything. Once in my teens, I called the police when
my parents were four hours late getting home.

Scripture repeatedly tells us not to be afraid. Because of God’s
goodness and power, and because He sent Jesus to die for us and His
Holy Spirit to guide us, our fears don’t have to rule our lives. We
may well face hard things, but God has promised to be with us through
it all.

One passage that has helped me profoundly in fearful moments is Isaiah
51:12–16. Here, God reminded His people, who had endured tremendous
suffering, that He was still with them, and that His comforting
presence is the ultimate reality. No matter how bad things may seem:
“I, even I, am he who comforts you,” He told them through the prophet
Isaiah (v. 12).

I love that promise. Those eight words have been an emotion-steadying
anchor for my soul. I’ve clung to this promise repeatedly when life
has felt overwhelming, when my own “constant terror” (v. 13) has felt
oppressive. Through this passage, God reminds me to lift my eyes from
my fears and in faith and dependence to look to the One who “stretches
out the heavens” (v. 13)—the One who promises to comfort us.

By:  Adam R. Holz

Reflect & Pray

Lord, sometimes the struggles we face in life seem so big. But You are
bigger. Help us to cling to Your promise of comfort in fearful moments
and to experience Your loving provision as we trust You.

God’s comforting presence is more powerful than our fears.
