https://odb.org/2019/12/15/living-water-2/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Water into Hope

Let anyone who is thirsty come to me and drink.
John 7:37

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 4:4–14

Tom and Mark’s ministry refreshes lives. This is clear in the video
they share of a group of fully clad children laughing and dancing in
the refreshing water of an open shower—their first ever. The men work
with indigenous churches to install water filtration systems on wells
in Haiti, easing and lengthening lives as diseases connected to
contaminated water are prevented. Access to clean, fresh water gives
the people hope for their future.

Jesus referred to “living water” in John 4 to capture a similar idea
of a continual source of refreshment. Tired and thirsty, Jesus had
asked a Samaritan woman for a drink (vv. 4–8). This request led to a
conversation in which Jesus offered the woman “living water” (vv.
9–15)—water that would become a source of life and hope within them,
like “a spring of water welling up to eternal life” (v. 14).

We discover what this living water is later in John, when Jesus said,
“Let anyone who is thirsty come to me and drink,” declaring that
whoever believed in Him would have “rivers of living water [flowing]
from within them.” John explains, “By this he meant the Spirit”
(7:37–39).

Through the Spirit, believers are united to Christ and have access to
the boundless power, hope, and joy found in God. Like living water,
the Spirit lives inside believers, refreshing and renewing us.

By:  Alyson Kieda

Reflect & Pray

How has Jesus satisfied your thirst through His Spirit? How will you
share what Jesus has done for you?

Dear God, thank You for leaving us Your Spirit. Work in us so that our
lives point others to You.
