http://odb.org/2016/03/02/lurking-lions/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Lurking Lions

The Lord is with us. Do not be afraid of them.
Numbers 14:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: Numbers 14:1–9

When I was young, my dad would “scare” us by hiding in the bush and
growling like a lion. Even though we lived in rural Ghana in the
1960s, it was almost impossible that a lion lurked nearby. My brother
and I would laugh and seek out the source of the noise, thrilled that
playtime with Dad had arrived.

One day a young friend came for a visit. As we played, we heard the
familiar growl. Our friend screamed and ran. My brother and I knew the
sound of my father’s voice—any “danger” was merely a phantom lion—but
a funny thing happened. We ran with her. My dad felt terrible that our
friend had been frightened, and my brother and I learned not to be
influenced by the panicked reaction of others.

Caleb and Joshua stand out as men unfazed by the panic of others. As
Israel was poised to enter the Promised Land, Moses commissioned 12
scouts to spy out the region. They all saw a beautiful territory, but
10 focused on the obstacles and discouraged the entire nation (Num.
13:27-33). In the process, they started a panic (14:1-4). Only Caleb
and Joshua accurately assessed the situation (vv. 6-9). They knew the
history of their Father and trusted Him to bring them success.

Some “lions” pose a genuine threat. Others are phantoms. Regardless,
as followers of Jesus our confidence is in the One whose voice and
deeds we know and trust.

By:  Tim Gustafson

Reflect & Pray

Lord, we face many fears today. Help us distinguish between real
danger and empty threats, and help us trust You with all of it. May we
live not in fear, but in faith.

The wicked flee though no one pursues, but the righteous are as bold
as a lion. Proverbs 28:1
