https://odb.org/2017/07/05/could-i-say-that/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Could I Say That?

It was not you who sent me here, but God.
Genesis 45:8

Today's Scripture & Insight: Genesis 45:1–11

“The perception of favoritism is one of the biggest factors in sibling
rivalry,” said Dr. Barbara Howard, a developmental behavioral
pediatrician (“When Parents Have a Favorite Child” nytimes.com). An
example would be the Old Testament character Joseph, who was his
father’s favorite son, which made his older brothers furious (Gen.
37:3–4). So they sold Joseph to merchants traveling to Egypt and made
it appear that a wild animal had killed him (37:12–36). His dreams had
been shattered and his future appeared hopeless.

Yet, along Joseph’s journey of life, he chose to be true to his God
and rely on Him even when it seemed to make his situation worse. After
being falsely accused by his employer’s wife and imprisoned for
something he didn’t do, Joseph struggled with the injustice of his
situation but kept trusting the Lord.

Years later his brothers came to Egypt to buy grain during a famine
and were terrified to discover that their despised younger brother was
now the Prime Minister. But Joseph told them, “Do not be distressed
and do not be angry with yourselves for selling me here, because it
was to save lives that God sent me ahead of you . . . . It was not you
who sent me here, but God” (45:5, 8).

Joseph’s kind words cause me to wonder if I would be ready for
revenge. Or would I be gracious because my heart had confidence in the
Lord?

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Dear Father, give us the faith to trust You today and the ability to
see Your hand of good along our road of life.

In the darkest hours of life, only through the eyes of faith can we
see the loving hand of God.
