https://odb.org/2020/03/23/reunion/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=f
eed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Reunion

Look! God’s dwelling place is now among the people.
Revelation 21:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: Revelation 21:1–7

The little boy excitedly ripped open a big box from his serviceman
daddy, whom he believed wouldn’t be home to celebrate his birthday.
Inside that box was yet another giftwrapped box, and inside that box
was another that simply held a piece of paper saying, “Surprise!”
Confused, the boy looked up—just as his dad entered the room.
Tearfully the son leapt into his father’s arms, exclaiming, “Daddy, I
missed you” and “I love you!”

That tearful yet joyful reunion captures the heart of Revelation 21’s
description of the glorious moment when God’s children see their
loving Father face to face—in the fully renewed and restored creation.
There, “[God] will wipe every tear from [our] eyes.” No longer will we
experience pain or sorrow, because we’ll be with our heavenly Father.
As the “loud voice” in Revelation 21 declares, “Look! God’s dwelling
place is now among the people, and he will dwell with them” (vv. 3–4).

There’s a tender love and joy that followers of Jesus already enjoy
with God, as 1 Peter 1:8 describes: “Though you have not seen him, you
love him; and even though you do not see him now, you believe in him
and are filled with an inexpressible and glorious joy.” Yet imagine
our incredible, overflowing joy when we see the one we’ve loved and
longed for welcoming us into His open arms!

By:  Alyson Kieda

Reflect & Pray

What do you most look forward to about life in God’s presence in the
restored creation? How do you experience glimpses of that joy now?

Loving God, we anticipate with joy the day when we will be with You.
Until then, help us to happily serve You as we wait.
