http://odb.org/2010/08/15/mightier-than-all/

Mightier Than All

The Lord reigns, He is clothed with majesty; the Lord is clothed, He
has girded Himself with strength. —
Psalm 93:1

Today's Scripture: Psalm 93

Iguazu Falls on the border of Brazil and Argentina is a spectacular
waterfall system of 275 falls along 2.7 km (1.67 miles) of the Iguazu
River. Etched on a wall on the Brazilian side of the Falls are the
words of Psalm 93:4, “Mightier than the thunders of many waters,
mightier than the waves of the sea, the Lord on high is mighty!”
(RSV). Below it are these words, “God is always greater than all of
our troubles.”

The writer of Psalm 93, who penned its words during the time that
kings reigned, knew that God is the ultimate King over all. “The Lord
reigns,” he wrote. “Your throne is established from of old; You are
from everlasting” (vv.1-2). No matter how high the floods or waves,
the Lord remains greater than them all.

The roar of a waterfall is truly majestic, but it is quite a different
matter to be in the water hurtling toward the falls. That may be the
situation you are in today. Physical, financial, or relational
problems loom ever larger and you feel like you are about to go over
the falls. In such situations, the Christian has Someone to turn to.
He is the Lord, “who is able to do exceedingly abundantly above all
that we ask or think” (Eph. 3:20) for He is greater than all of our
troubles.

By:  C. P. Hia

Reflect & Pray

If you are helpless in life’s fray, God’s mighty power will be your
stay; Your failing strength He will renew, For He’s a God who cares
for you. —D. De Haan

Never measure God’s unlimited power by your limited expectations.
