https://odb.org/2020/07/01/the-favorite/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Favorite

As I have loved you, so you must love one another.
John 13:34

Today's Scripture & Insight: Genesis 37:2–4, 17–24

My husband’s brother lives about 1,200 miles away in the mountains of
Colorado. Despite the distance, Gerrits has always been a beloved
family member because of his great sense of humor and kind heart. As
long as I can remember, however, his siblings have good-naturedly
joked about his favored status in their mother’s eyes. Several years
ago, they even presented him with a T-shirt sporting the words, “I’m
Mom’s Favorite.” While we all enjoyed the silliness of our siblings,
true favoritism is no joking matter.

In Genesis 37, we read about Jacob who gave his son Joseph an ornate
coat—an indication to his other children that Joseph was special (v.
3). Without a hint of subtlety, the coat’s message shouted: “Joseph is
my favorite son.”

Displaying favoritism can be crippling in a family. Jacob’s mother,
Rebekah, had favored him over her son Esau, leading to
conflict between the two brothers (25:28). The dysfunction was
perpetuated when Jacob favored his wife Rachel (Joseph’s mother) over
his wife Leah, creating discord and heartache (29:30–31). No doubt
this pattern was the unhealthy basis for Joseph’s brothers to despise
their younger brother, even plotting his murder (37:18).

When it comes to our relationships, we may sometimes find it tricky to
be objective. But our goal must be to treat everyone without
favoritism and to love every person in our life as our Father loves us
(John 13:34).

By:  Cindy Hess Kasper

Reflect & Pray

When have you struggled with showing favoritism? How is God helping
you to treat everyone equally?

Loving God, as I interact with others help me to avoid showing
unhealthy preferences. Help me to see others as You do and to treat
everyone fairly and without favoritism.
