https://odb.org/2019/11/06/never-give-up-hope/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Never Give Up Hope

[Jesus] said to her, “Daughter, your faith has healed you. Go in
peace.”
Luke 8:48

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 8:40–48

When my friend received a diagnosis of cancer, the doctor advised her
to get her affairs in order. She called me, sobbing, worried about her
husband and young children. I shared her urgent prayer request with
our mutual friends. We rejoiced when a second doctor encouraged her to
never give up hope and confirmed his team would do all they could to
help. Though some days were harder than others, she focused on God
instead of the odds stacked against her. She never gave up.

My friend’s persevering faith reminds me of the desperate woman in
Luke 8. Weary from twelve years of ongoing suffering, disappointment,
and isolation, she approached Jesus from behind and stretched her hand
toward the hem of His robe. Her immediate healing followed her act of
faith: persistently hoping . . . believing Jesus was able to do what
others couldn’t . . . no matter how impossible her situation seemed
(vv. 43–44).

We may experience pain that feels endless, situations that appear
hopeless, or waiting that seems unbearable. We may endure moments when
the odds against us are stacked high and wide. We may not experience
the healing we long for as we continue trusting Christ. But even then,
Jesus invites us to keep reaching for Him, to trust Him and never give
up hope, and to believe He is always able, always trustworthy, and
always within reach.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

How have you recently needed to trust in Jesus despite the challenges
you faced? What hope have you found in Him?

Jesus, thank You for reminding us that we’re never out of Your reach
or without hope. You’re able to do what no one else can do.
