https://odb.org/2017/10/01/it-takes-time-to-grow/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

It Takes Time to Grow

Speaking the truth in love, we will grow to become in every respect
the mature body of him who is the head, that is, Christ.
Ephesians 4:15

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ephesians 4:11–16

On her first day in preschool, young Charlotte was asked to draw a
picture of herself. Her artwork featured a simple orb for a body, an
oblong head, and two circle eyes. On her last day of preschool,
Charlotte was again directed to draw a self-portrait. This one showed
a little girl in a colorful dress, a smiling face with distinct
features, and a cascade of beautiful red tresses. The school had used
a simple assignment to demonstrate the difference that time can make
in the level of maturity.

While we accept that it takes time for children to mature, we may grow
impatient with ourselves or fellow believers who show slow spiritual
growth. We rejoice when we see the “fruit of the Spirit” (Gal.
5:22–23), but are disheartened when we observe a sinful choice. The
author of Hebrews spoke of this when he wrote to the church: “Though
by this time you ought to be teachers, you need someone to teach you
the elementary truths of God’s word all over again” (Heb. 5:12).

As we continue to pursue intimacy with Jesus ourselves, let’s pray for
each other and patiently come alongside those who love God but who
seem to struggle with spiritual growth. “Speaking the truth in love,”
let’s continue to encourage one another, so that together we may “grow
to become in every respect the mature body of him who is the head,
that is, Christ” (Eph. 4:15).

By:  Cindy Hess Kasper

Reflect & Pray

Lord, we love You! In our walk with You, help us to receive and give
encouragement.

Words of truth spoken in love can guide us all toward maturity in
Christ.
