http://odb.org/2015/12/13/how-to-be-perfect/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

How to Be Perfect

For by one sacrifice he has made perfect forever those who are being
made holy.
Hebrews 10:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 3:20-26

Christmas is the time of year when the pressure to be perfect
intensifies. We imagine the perfect celebration and then put forth our
best effort to make it happen. We shop for the perfect gifts. We plan
the perfect Christmas Day meal. We choose the perfect greeting cards
or write the perfect family letter. But our striving leads to
discouragement and disappointment when our ability to imagine
perfection exceeds our ability to implement it. The carefully chosen
gift receives only a halfhearted thank you. Part of the meal is
overcooked. We find a typo in our Christmas greeting after we’ve
mailed the cards. Children fight over toys. Adults resurrect old
arguments.

Instead of being discouraged, however, we can use our disappointment
to remind ourselves of the reason Christmas is so important. We need
Christmas because none of us is or can be all that we want to be—not
for a month, a week, or even a day.

How much more meaningful our celebrations of Christ’s birth would be
if we would give up our faulty concept of perfection, then focus
instead on the perfection of our Savior, in whom we are made righteous
(Rom. 3:22).

If your Christmas celebration this year is less than ideal, relax and
let it be a reminder that the only way to be “made perfect forever”
(Heb. 10:14) is to live by faith in the righteousness of Christ.

By:  Julie Ackerman Link

Reflect & Pray

What expectations do you have for the Christmas season? Are they
idealistic or realistic? Think about what you can do to focus more on
Christ and the meaning of His birth.

Dressed in His righteousness alone, faultless to stand before His
throne. Edward Mote
