http://odb.org/2014/01/29/great-expectations/

Great Expectations

According to my earnest expectation and hope that in nothing I shall
be ashamed, but with all boldness, as always, so now also Christ will
be magnified. —
Philippians 1:20

Today's Scripture & Insight: Philippians 1:12-21

I once asked a counselor what the major issues were that brought
people to him. Without hesitation he said, “The root of many problems
is broken expectations; if not dealt with, they mature into anger and
bitterness.”

In our best moments, it’s easy to expect that we will find ourselves
in a good place surrounded by good people who like and affirm us. But
life has a way of breaking those expectations. What then?

Stuck in jail and beset by fellow believers in Rome who didn’t like
him (Phil. 1:15-16), Paul remained surprisingly upbeat. As he saw it,
God had given him a new mission field. While under house arrest, he
witnessed to the guards about Christ, which sent the gospel into
Caesar’s house. And even though those opposing him were preaching the
gospel from wrong motives, Christ was being preached, so Paul rejoiced
(v.18).

Paul never expected to be in a great place or to be well liked. His
only expectation was that “Christ will be magnified” through him
(v.20). He wasn’t disappointed.

If our expectation is to make Christ visible to those around us
regardless of where we are or who we are with, we will find those
expectations met and even exceeded. Christ will be magnified.

By:  Joe Stowell

Reflect & Pray

Lord, forgive me for making my life all about what I expect and not
about glorifying You regardless of my circumstances. May Your love,
mercy, and justice be magnified through me today.

Make it your only expectation to magnify Christ wherever you are and
whoever you are with.
