http://odb.org/2012/11/12/at-risk-for-the-savior/

At Risk For The Savior

Hold such men in esteem; because for the work of Christ he came close
to death. —
Philippians 2:29-30

Today's Scripture: Philippians 2:25-30

During basic training, Desmond Doss irritated his drill instructor and
fellow soldiers. A pacifist by conviction, he refused to carry a
weapon into battle, and this made his peers doubt his courage. Trained
as a medic, the young Christian had no qualms about facing combat. But
his goal was to save lives.

Doubts about Doss would change, however, when his military unit faced
combat. During the World War II Battle of Okinawa, he ducked under
machine gun fire to pull the wounded to safety. He prayed, “Lord, give
me the strength to save just one more wounded soldier.” Eventually he
lowered more than 70 injured men down a hill for further medical
attention. For his efforts, Desmond Doss was awarded the Medal of
Honor—the highest honor his country could bestow.

Scripture tells of another Christian who took great personal risks to
help others. Of Epaphroditus, Paul wrote, “Hold such men in esteem;
because for the work of Christ he came close to death, not regarding
his life” (Phil. 2:29-30).

Around the world today, many believers risk their lives for the cause
of Christ. Let’s pray that our God will protect them as they serve Him
under threatening circumstances.

By:  Dennis Fisher

Reflect & Pray

O Lord, listen to our cry for mercy; in Your faithfulness come to the
relief of those who are in danger because of their faith. For Your
name’s sake, preserve their lives; in Your righteousness, bring them
out of trouble.

Courage is not having strength to go on—it is going on when you don’t
have the strength.
