http://odb.org/2014/03/07/not-lost-in-translation/?utm_source=feedburn
er&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%
29

Not Lost In Translation

[The Spirit] makes intercession for the saints according to the will
of God. —
Romans 8:27

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 8:19-27

Over the years, I’ve had the opportunity to teach the Bible to many
people around the world. Because I can speak only English, I often
work with interpreters who can take the words of my heart and
translate them into the language of the people. Effective
communication is directly dependent upon the skill of these
translators. Whether it is Inawaty in Indonesia, Annie in Malaysia, or
Jean in Brazil, they ensure that the meaning of my words is clearly
expressed.

This work of translation resembles one facet of the work of the Holy
Spirit in the life of God’s people. In our times of prayer, we don’t
always know how we should pray (Rom. 8:26), and verse 27 encourages
us, saying, “Now He who searches the hearts knows what the mind of the
Spirit is, because He makes intercession for the saints according to
the will of God.” When we go to our heavenly Father in prayer, the
Holy Spirit comes to our aid by translating our prayers according to
God’s good purposes for our lives.

What a provision! Not only does God desire for us to share our hearts
with Him, He even provides us with the greatest interpreter to help us
as we pray. We can be sure that our prayers will never get lost in
translation.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

Thank You, Father, for the provision of Your Spirit. I’m grateful that
when I pray I can rest in Your help to make my prayers what they need
to be. Teach me to lean on His perfect understanding of Your desires.

The participation of the Spirit assures that my prayers line up with
God’s purposes.
