http://odb.org/2016/08/29/the-ultimate-road-trip/?utm_source=feedburne
r&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%2
9

The Ultimate Road Trip

In the wilderness prepare the way for the Lord; make straight in the
desert a highway for our God.
Isaiah 40:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: Isaiah 40:1–11

Madagascar’s National Road 5 offers the beauty of a white sand
coastline, palm forests, and the Indian Ocean. Its 125 miles of two-
track road, bare rock, sand, and mud, however, have given it a
reputation for being one of the worst roads in the world. Tourists
looking for breathtaking views are advised to have a four-wheel-drive
vehicle, an experienced driver, and an onboard mechanic.

John the Baptist came to announce the good news of the coming Messiah
to those traveling on rough roads and through barren landscape.
Repeating the words of the prophet Isaiah written centuries earlier,
he urged curious crowds to “prepare the way for the Lord” and to “make
straight paths for him” (Luke 3:4–5; Isa. 40:3)

John knew that if the people of Jerusalem were going to be ready to
welcome their long-awaited Messiah their hearts needed to change.
Mountains of religious pride would need to come down. Those in the
valley of despair because of their broken lives would need to be
lifted up.

Neither could be done by human effort alone. Those who refused to
respond to the Spirit of God by accepting John’s baptism of repentance
failed to recognize their Messiah when He came (Luke 7:29–30). Yet
those who saw their need for change discovered in Jesus the goodness
and wonder of God.

By:  Mart DeHaan

Reflect & Pray

Father in heaven, we need You to do in us what we cannot do for
ourselves. Please remove any mountain of pride or valley of despair
that would keep us from welcoming You into our lives.

Repentance clears the way for our walk with God.
