http://odb.org/2015/11/10/gentle-lights/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_med
ium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Gentle Lights

Let your light shine before others, that they may see your good deeds
and glorify your Father in heaven.
Matthew 5:16

Today's Scripture & Insight: 1 Peter 3:13-17

Wang Xiaoying (pronounced Shao-ying) lives in a rural area of China’s
Yunnan province. Due to health problems, her husband couldn’t find
work in the fields, causing hardship for the family. Her mother-in-law
attributed the trouble to Xiaoying’s faith in God. So she mistreated
Xiaoying and urged her to go back to the traditional religion of her
ancestors.

But because Xiaoying’s husband had observed her transformed life, he
said, “Mother, it isn’t enough for Xiaoying alone to believe in God;
we too should put our faith in God!” Because of the noticeable change
in his wife, he is now considering the good news of Jesus.

People will watch our walk before listening to our talk. The best
witness combines good behavior with appropriate words, reflecting the
difference Christ makes in our lives.

This was the apostle Peter’s instruction to the first-century
believers, and to us, on how we can introduce Jesus to a hostile
world. He challenged his readers to be “eager to do good” (1 Peter
3:13), to live obediently in Christ, to have a good conscience, and to
be prepared to explain to others why we have such hope (v. 15). If we
do this, we have no reason to fear or be ashamed when people mistreat
or slander us because of our beliefs.

Whatever our situation, let’s shine for Jesus where we are. He can
provide the grace we need to reach even those who don’t agree with us.

By:  Poh Fang Chia

Reflect & Pray

Lord, we tend to react defensively when people shun us or attack us
for our faith. Give us Your courage to offer wise and gentle responses
when we are mistreated.

The more we live like Jesus, the more others will be drawn to Him.
