https://odb.org/2020/12/18/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Language of the Cross

God demonstrates his own love for us in this: While we were still
sinners, Christ died for us.
Romans 5:8

Today's Scripture & Insight: Romans 5:1–10

Pastor Tim Keller said, “Nobody ever learns who they are by being
told. They must be shown.” In a sense, it’s one application of the
adage, “Actions speak louder than words.” Spouses show their mates
that they’re appreciated by listening to them and loving them. Parents
show their children they’re valued by lovingly caring for them.
Coaches show athletes they have potential by investing in their
development. And on it goes. By the same token, a different kind of
action can show people painful things that communicate much darker
messages.

Of all the action-based messages in the universe, there’s one that
matters most. When we want to be shown who we are in God’s eyes, we
need look no further than His actions on the cross. In Romans 5:8,
Paul wrote, “God demonstrates his own love for us in this: While we
were still sinners, Christ died for us.” The cross shows us who we
are: those whom God so loved that He gave His one and only Son for us
(John 3:16).

Against the mixed messages and confusing actions of broken people in a
broken culture, the message of God’s heart rings clear. Who are you?
You’re the one so loved by God that He gave His Son for Your rescue.
Consider the price He paid for you and the wonderful reality that, to
Him, you were always worth it.

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

How have you been defining your worth? What false messages might you
need to discard or reject in exchange for comprehending the value that
God places on you?

Father, I can never understand why You would love me so much or give
Your Son for my forgiveness. Your love is unsearchable and Your grace
is amazing. Thank You for making me Your child! See The 4-D Love of
God at DiscoverTheWord.org/series/the-4-d-love-of-god.
