https://odb.org/2019/05/29/the-empty-bed/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_me
dium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Empty Bed

Go and make disciples of all nations.
Matthew 28:19

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 28:16–20

I was eager to return to St. James Infirmary in Montego Bay, Jamaica,
and reconnect with Rendell, who two years earlier had learned about
Jesus’s love for him. Evie, a teenager in the high school choir I
travel with each spring, had read Scripture with Rendell and explained
the gospel, and he personally received Jesus as his Savior.

When I entered the men’s section of the home and looked toward
Rendell’s bed, however, I found it was empty. I went to the nurse’s
station, and was told what I didn’t want to hear. He had passed
away—just five days before we arrived.

Through tears, I texted Evie the sad news. Her response was simple:
“Rendell is celebrating with Jesus.” Later she said, “It’s a good
thing we told him about Jesus when we did.”

Her words reminded me of the importance of being ready to lovingly
share with others the hope we have in Christ. No, it’s not always easy
to proclaim the gospel message about the One who will be with us
always (Matthew 28:20), but when we think about the difference it made
for us and for people like Rendell, perhaps we’ll be encouraged to be
even more ready to “make disciples” wherever we go (v. 19).

I’ll never forget the sadness of seeing that empty bed—and also the
joy of knowing what a difference one faithful teen made in Rendell’s
forever life.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

What are some things you can do to introduce people to Jesus today? As
you share your faith, how does it encourage you to know Jesus is “with
you always” (Matthew 28:20)?

God, we know that people need You. Help us to overcome our fear of
telling others about You.
