https://odb.org/2018/05/25/accidental-wisdom/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Accidental Wisdom

Whatever is true, whatever is noble, whatever is right, whatever is
pure, whatever is lovely, whatever is admirable . . . think about such
things.
Philippians 4:8

Today's Scripture & Insight: Philippians 4:4–9

A few years ago, a woman shared with me a story about finding her
preteen son watching news coverage of a violent event. Instinctively,
she reached for the remote and changed the channel. “You don’t need to
be watching that stuff,” she told him rather abruptly. An argument
followed, and eventually she shared that he needed to fill his mind
with “whatever is right, whatever is pure, whatever is lovely . . .”
(Philippians 4:8). After dinner, she and her husband were watching the
news when suddenly their five-year-old daughter burst in and turned
off the television. “You don’t need to be watching that stuff,” she
declared in her best “mom” voice. “Now, think about those Bible
things!”

As adults, we can better absorb and process the news than our
children. Still, the couple’s daughter was both amusing and wise when
she echoed her mother’s earlier instructions. Even well-adjusted
adults can be affected by a steady diet of the darker side of life.
Meditating on the kind of things Paul lists in Philippians 4:8 is a
powerful antidote to the gloom that sometimes settles on us as we see
the condition of our world.

Making careful decisions about what fills our minds is an excellent
way to honor God and guard our hearts as well.

By:  Randy Kilgore

Reflect & Pray

Father, open our eyes today to what’s beautiful. Teach us to meditate
on You.

What we let into our minds shapes the state of our souls.
