https://odb.org/2019/06/08/knocking-down-pins/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Knocking Down Pins

What has been will be again, what has been done will be done again.
Ecclesiastes 1:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: Ecclesiastes 1:3–11

I was intrigued when I noticed a tattoo of a bowling ball knocking
down pins on my friend Erin’s ankle. Erin was inspired to get this
unique tattoo after listening to Sara Groves’s song, “Setting Up the
Pins.” The clever lyrics encourage listeners to find joy in the
repetitive, routine tasks that sometimes feel as pointless as manually
setting up bowling pins over and over again, only to have someone
knock them down.

Laundry. Cooking. Mowing the lawn. Life seems full of tasks that, once
completed, have to be done again—and again. This isn’t a new struggle
but an old frustration, one wrestled with in the Old Testament book of
Ecclesiastes. The book opens with the writer complaining about the
endless cycles of daily human life as futile (1:2–3), even
meaningless, because “what has been will be again, what has been done
will be done again” (v. 9).

Yet, like my friend, the writer was able to regain a sense of joy and
meaning by remembering our ultimate fulfillment comes as we “fear
[reverence] God and keep his commandments” (12:13). There’s comfort in
knowing that God values even the ordinary, seemingly mundane aspects
of life and will reward our faithfulness (v. 14).

What are the “pins” you’re continually setting up? In those times when
repetitive tasks begin to feel tiring, may we take a moment to offer
each task to God as an offering of love.

By:  Lisa M. Samra

Reflect & Pray

How might you do a task differently today knowing God values it? How
does knowing this bring meaning to the mundane?

Heavenly Father, thank You for giving value to the ordinary activities
of life. Help us to find joy in the tasks before us today.
