https://odb.org/2020/07/26/betrayed/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=
feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Betrayed

Even my close friend, someone I trusted, one who shared my bread, has
turned against me.
Psalm 41:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: John 13:18–22; Psalm 41:9–12

In 2019, art exhibitions worldwide commemorated the five hundredth
anniversary of the death of Leonardo da Vinci. While many of his
drawings and scientific discoveries were showcased, there are only
five finished paintings universally credited to da Vinci, including
The Last Supper.

This intricate mural depicts the final meal Jesus ate with
His disciples, as described in the gospel of John. The painting
captures the disciples’ confusion at Jesus’ statement, “One of you is
going to betray me” (John 13:21). Perplexed, the disciples discussed
who the betrayer might be—while Judas quietly slipped out into the
night to alert the authorities of the whereabouts of his teacher and
friend.

Betrayed. The pain of Judas’ treachery is evident in Jesus’ words, “He
who shared my bread has turned against me” (v. 18). A friend close
enough to share a meal used that connection to harm Jesus.

Each of us has likely experienced a friend’s betrayal. How can we
respond to such pain? Psalm 41:9, which Jesus quoted to indicate His
betrayer was present during the shared meal (John 13:18), offers hope.
After David poured out his anguish at a close friend’s duplicity, he
took solace in God’s love and presence that would uphold and set
him in God’s presence forever (Psalm 41:11–12).

When friends disappoint, we can find comfort knowing God’s sustaining
love and His empowering presence will be with us to help us endure
even the most devastating pain.

By:  Lisa M. Samra

Reflect & Pray

How have you experienced the betrayal of a friend? How has the
reassurance of God’s love and presence sustained you?

Heavenly Father, I'm thankful that Your love is stronger than any
betrayal. When I face rejection, help me find strength in the
knowledge that You are always with me.
