https://odb.org/2019/05/21/marvelously-unique/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Marvelously Unique

I praise you because I am fearfully and wonderfully made.
Psalm 139:14

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 139:1–14

Human beings are not special—at least according to the London Zoo. In
2005, the zoo introduced a four-day exhibit: “Humans in Their Natural
Environment.” The human “captives” were chosen through an online
contest. To help visitors understand the humans, the zoo workers
created a sign detailing their diet, habitat, and threats. According
to the zoo’s spokesperson, the goal of the exhibit was to downplay the
uniqueness of human beings. One participant in the exhibit seemed to
agree. “When they see humans as animals, here, it kind of reminds them
that we’re not that special.”

What a stark contrast to what the Bible says about human beings: God
“fearfully and wonderfully” made us in “his image” (Psalm 139:14;
Genesis 1:26–27).

David began Psalm 139 by celebrating God’s intimate knowledge of him
(vv. 1–6) and His all-encompassing presence (vv. 7–12). Like a master
weaver, God not only formed the intricacies of David’s internal and
external features (vv. 13–14), but He also made him a living soul,
giving spiritual life and the ability to intimately relate to God.
Meditating on God’s handiwork, David responded in awe, wonder, and
praise (v. 14).

Human beings are special. God created us with marvelous uniqueness and
the awesome ability to have an intimate relationship with Him. Like
David, we can praise Him because we’re the workmanship of His loving
hands.

By:  Marvin Williams

Reflect & Pray

What are some practical implications of knowing and believing you’re
fearfully and wonderfully made? What are some negative consequences of
not believing this?

God created human beings to be like Him.
