http://odb.org/2014/04/17/all-kinds-of-help/?utm_source=feedburner&utm
_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

All Kinds Of Help

Pharaoh said to Joseph, “Inasmuch as God has shown you all this, there
is no one as discerning and wise as you.” —
Genesis 41:39

Today's Scripture & Insight: Genesis 41:46-57

In the wake of the shooting at an elementary school in Newtown,
Connecticut, many people have felt strongly compelled to help. Some
donated blood for the injured, some provided free lunches and coffee
at their restaurants for workers. Others wrote letters of comfort or
just gave hugs. Some sent gifts of money and teddy bears for the
children; others offered counseling. People found ways to serve
according to their personalities, abilities, and resources.

A story in the Bible about Joseph tells how he used his skills to play
an important role in helping people survive a 7-year famine (Gen.
41:53-54). In his case, he could prepare beforehand because he knew a
difficult time was coming. After Joseph warned Pharaoh, the king of
Egypt, that the lean years were coming, Pharaoh put him in charge of
the 7-year preparation time. Joseph used wisdom and discernment from
God to get his country ready (41:39). Then, when “the famine was over
all the face of the earth, . . . Joseph opened all the storehouses”
(v.56). He was even able to help his own family (45:16-18).

These stories show the heart of God for the world. He has prepared us
and made us who we are that we might care for others in whatever way
He leads us.

By:  Anne Cetas

Reflect & Pray

Lord, help me feel the hurt that others feel When life inflicts some
bitter pain, And use me in some loving way to heal The wounds that may
through life remain. —D. DeHaan

Compassion offers whatever is necessary to heal.
