http://odb.org/2014/01/16/the-little-tent/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_m
edium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

The Little Tent

For it pleased the Father that in Him all the fullness should dwell. —
Colossians 1:19

Today's Scripture: Colossians 1:1-12; 4:12

During evangelist Billy Graham’s historic 1949 Los Angeles campaign,
the big tent that held over 6,000 people was filled to overflowing
every night for 8 weeks. Close by was a smaller tent set aside for
counseling and prayer. Cliff Barrows, longtime music director and
close friend and associate of Graham, has often said that the real
work of the gospel took place in “the little tent,” where people
gathered on their knees to pray before and during every evangelistic
service. A local Los Angeles woman, Pearl Goode, was the heart of
those prayer meetings and many that followed.

In the apostle Paul’s letter to the followers of Christ in Colosse, he
assured them that he and his colleagues were praying always for them
(Col. 1:3,9). In closing he mentioned Epaphras, a founder of the
Colossian church, who is “always laboring fervently for you in
prayers, that you may stand perfect and complete in all the will of
God” (4:12).

Some people are given the high visibility task of preaching the gospel
in “the big tent.” But God has extended to us all, just as He did to
Epaphras and Pearl Goode, the great privilege of kneeling in “the
little tent” and bringing others before the throne of God.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

They labor well who intercede For others with a pressing need; It’s on
their knees they often work And from its rigor will not shirk. —D.
DeHaan

Prayer is not preparation for the work, it is the work. —Oswald
Chambers
