https://odb.org/2018/03/28/look-and-be-quiet/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Look and Be Quiet

Look around and see. Is any suffering like my suffering . . . ?
Lamentations 1:12

Today's Scripture & Insight: Luke 23:44–49

In the song “Look at Him,” Mexican composer Rubén Sotelo describes
Jesus at the cross. He invites us to look at Jesus and be quiet,
because there is really nothing to say before the type of love Jesus
demonstrated at the cross. By faith we can imagine the scene described
in the Gospels. We can imagine the cross and the blood, the nails, and
the pain.

When Jesus breathed His last, those who “had gathered to witness this
sight . . . beat their breasts and went away” (Luke 23:48). Others
“stood at a distance, watching these things” (v. 49). They looked and
were quiet. Only one spoke, a centurion, who said, “Surely this was a
righteous man” (v. 47).

Songs and poems have been written to describe this great love. Many
years before, Jeremiah wrote about Jerusalem’s pain after its
devastation. “Is it nothing to you, all you who pass by?”
(Lamentations 1:12). He was asking people to look and see; he thought
there was no greater suffering than Jerusalem’s. However, has there
been any suffering like Jesus’s suffering?

All of us are passing by the road of the cross. Will we look and see
His love? This Easter, when words and poems are not enough to express
our gratitude and describe God’s love, let us take a moment to ponder
Jesus’s death; and in the quietness of our hearts, may we whisper to
Him our deepest devotion.

By:  Keila Ochoa

Reflect & Pray

Dear Jesus, as I look at Your cross, I have no words to express my
gratitude for Your perfect sacrifice. But I thank You for Your love.

Look at the cross and worship.
