https://odb.org/2020/02/14/thanks-for-being-you-lord/?utm_source=feedb
urner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bre
ad%29

When Life Is Hard

I say to the Lord, “You are my Lord; apart from you I have no good
thing.”
Psalm 16:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 16

Physically, mentally, and emotionally exhausted, I curled up in my
recliner. Our family had followed God’s leading and had moved from
California to Wisconsin. After we arrived, our car broke down and left
us without a vehicle for two months. Meanwhile, my husband’s limited
mobility after an unexpected back surgery and my chronic pain
complicated our unpacking. We uncovered costly problems with our new-
to-us, old home. Our senior dog suffered with health issues. And
though our new pup brought great joy, raising a furry ball of energy
was far more work than anticipated. My attitude soured. How was I
supposed to have unshakable faith while traveling on a bumpy road of
hardships?

As I prayed, God reminded me of the psalmist whose praise didn’t
depend on circumstances. David poured out his emotions, often with
great vulnerability, and sought refuge in the presence of God (Psalm
16:1). Acknowledging God as provider and protector (vv. 5–6), he
praised Him and followed His counsel (v. 7). David affirmed that he
would “not be shaken” because he kept his eyes “always on the Lord ”
(v. 8). So, he rejoiced and rested secure in the joy of God’s presence
(vv. 9–11).

We too can delight in knowing our peace doesn’t depend on our present
situation. As we thank our unchanging God for who He is and always
will be, His presence will fuel our steadfast faith.

By:  Xochitl Dixon

Reflect & Pray

How can offering God praise for His unchanging character and wondrous
works increase your faith during challenging circumstances? What
situations do you need to place in God’s trustworthy hands?

Thanks for being You, Father!
