https://odb.org/2019/04/12/consumed/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=
feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Being Consumed

When I kept silent, my bones wasted away through my groaning all day
long.
Psalm 32:3

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 32

In his book The Call, Os Guinness describes a moment when Winston
Churchill, on holiday with friends in the south of France, sat by the
fireplace to warm himself on a cold night. Gazing at the fire, the
former prime minister saw pine logs “crackling, hissing, and spitting
as they burned. Suddenly, his familiar voice growled, ‘I know why logs
spit. I know what it is to be consumed.’”

Difficulties, despair, dangers, distress, and the results of our own
wrongdoings can all feel consuming. Circumstances slowly drain our
hearts of joy and peace. When David experienced the consuming
consequences of his own sinful choices, he wrote, “When I kept silent,
my bones wasted away through my groaning all day long. . . . My
strength was sapped as in the heat of summer” (Psalm 32:3–4).

In such difficult times, where do we turn for help? For hope? Paul,
whose experiences were filled with ministry burdens and brokenness,
wrote, “We are hard pressed on every side, but not crushed; perplexed,
but not in despair; persecuted, but not abandoned; struck down, but
not destroyed” (2 Corinthians 4:8–9).

How does that work? As we rest in Jesus, the Good Shepherd restores
our souls (Psalm 23:3) and strengthens us for the next step of our
journey. He promises to walk that journey with us every step of the
way (Hebrews 13:5).

By:  Bill Crowder

Reflect & Pray

What are some of the consuming struggles you’ve experienced? How did
you respond? How did God meet you in those difficult times?

Father, give me the strength to endure the hardships of this day, and
the hope of Christ for the eternal tomorrow You have promised. Check
out the Discover the Word conversations on Psalm 32 at
discovertheword.org/series/the-way-back-the-way-forward.
