http://odb.org/2015/06/22/the-challenge-of-transition/?utm_source=feed
burner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Br
ead%29

The Challenge of Transition

Be strong and very courageous. —
Joshua 1:7

Today's Scripture & Insight: Joshua 1:6-11

After former professional athlete Chris Sanders suffered a career-
ending injury, he told a group of military veterans that although he
had never experienced combat, “I understand the pressures of
transitions.”

Whether it’s the loss of a job, the loss of a marriage, a serious
illness, or a financial setback, every major change brings challenges.
The former athlete told the soldiers that the key to success when you
are transitioning into a new way of living is to reach out and get
help.

The book of Joshua is recommended reading whenever we find ourselves
in transition. After 40 years of wandering and setbacks, God’s people
were poised to enter the Promised Land. Moses, their great leader, had
died, and Joshua, his assistant, was in charge.

God told Joshua to “be strong and very courageous, that you may
observe to do according to all the law which Moses My servant
commanded you; do not turn from it to the right hand or to the left,
that you may prosper wherever you go” (Josh. 1:7). God’s words of
direction were to be the bedrock of Joshua’s leadership in every
situation.

The Lord’s charge and promise to Joshua apply to us as well: “Be
strong and of good courage; do not be afraid, nor be dismayed, for the
Lord your God is with you wherever you go” (v. 9).

He is with us in every transition.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Father, I’m bringing You my trials and frustrations. You know each and
every detail. Please comfort me as only You can, and provide exactly
what I need for today. Help me give my unfulfilled expectations to
You, trusting You’re working out a plan for me.

God remains faithful in every change.
