https://odb.org/2019/07/26/making-things-whole/?utm_source=feedburner&
utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Making Things Whole

Blessed are the peacemakers.
Matthew 5:9

Today's Scripture & Insight: Matthew 5:9, 13–16

In the documentary Look & See: A Portrait of Wendell Berry, author
Berry spoke of how divorce describes the state of our world. We’re
divorced from one another, from our history, from the land. Things
that should be whole are split apart. When asked what we should do
about this sad fact, Berry said, “We can’t put everything back
together. We just take two things and put them together.” We take two
things broken apart and make them one again.

“Blessed are the peacemakers,” Jesus tells us (Matthew 5:9). To make
peace is to bring shalom. And shalom refers to the world being set
right. One theologian describes shalom as “universal flourishing,
wholeness and delight. . . . [It’s] the way things ought to be.”
Shalom is taking what’s broken and making it whole. As Jesus guides,
may we strive to make things right. He calls us to be peacemakers, to
be the “salt of the earth” and the “light of the world” (vv. 13–14)

There are many ways to be peacemakers in the world, but with each may
we engage brokenness rather than surrendering to it. In God’s power,
let’s choose to not allow a friendship to die or let a struggling
neighborhood languish or yield to apathy and isolation. Let’s look for
the broken places, trusting God to give us the wisdom and skill to
participate in making them whole again.

By:  Winn Collier

Reflect & Pray

What are two things you’re aware of that need to be brought back
together? How might God be calling you to participate in making them
whole?

There are many broken things around me, God. I don’t know where to
begin. Will You show me where to start?
