http://odb.org/2016/05/10/our-divine-defense/?utm_source=feedburner&ut
m_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Our Divine Defense

Take . . . the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God.
Ephesians 6:17

Today's Scripture: Nehemiah 4:7-18

Under Nehemiah’s supervision, the Israelite workers were rebuilding
the wall around Jerusalem. When they were nearly half finished,
however, they learned that their enemies were plotting to attack
Jerusalem. This news demoralized the already exhausted workers.

Nehemiah had to do something. First, he prayed and posted numerous
guards in strategic places. Then, he armed his workers. “Those who
carried materials did their work with one hand and held a weapon in
the other, and each of the builders wore his sword at his side as he
worked” (Neh. 4:17-18).

We who are building God’s kingdom need to arm ourselves against the
attack of our spiritual enemy, Satan. Our protection is the sword of
the Spirit, which is God’s Word. Memorizing Scripture and meditating
on it enable us to “take [our] stand against the devil’s schemes”
(Eph. 6:11). If we think that working for God doesn’t matter, we
should turn to the promise that what we do for Jesus will last for
eternity (1 Cor. 3:11-15). If we fear we’ve sinned too greatly for God
to use us, we must remember we’ve been forgiven by the power of Jesus’
blood (Matt. 26:28). And if we’re worried we might fail if we try to
serve God, we can recall that Jesus said we will bear fruit as we
abide in Him (John 15:5).

God’s Word is our divine defense!

By:  Jennifer Benson Schuldt

Reflect & Pray

God, thank You for the Bible. I believe that Your Word is alive and
active. Please help me to remember it when I am worried or fearful,
when I need encouragement and inspiration.

God’s Word is a divine defense against attacks from the Enemy.
