https://odb.org/2020/10/05/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_
campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

Begin with the End

He who began a good work in you will carry it on to completion until
the day of Christ Jesus.
Philippians 1:6

Today's Scripture & Insight: Philippians 1:3–11

“What do you want to be when you grow up?” I was often asked that
question as a child. And the answers changed like the wind. A doctor.
A firefighter. A missionary. A worship leader. A physicist—or
actually, MacGyver (a favorite TV character)! Now, as a dad of four
kids, I think of how difficult it must be for them to be asked that
question. There are times when I want to say, “I know what you’ll be
great at!” Parents can sometimes see more in their children than the
children can see in themselves.

This resonates with what Paul saw in the Philippian believers—those he
loved and prayed for (Philippians 1:3). He could see the end; he knew
what they’d be when all was said and done. The Bible gives us a grand
vision of the end of the story—resurrection and the renewal of all
things (see 1 Corinthians 15 and Revelation 21). But it also tells us
who’s writing the story.

Paul, in the opening lines of a letter he wrote from prison, reminded
the Philippian church that “he who began a good work in you will carry
it on to completion until the day of Christ Jesus” (Philippians 1:6).
Jesus started the work and He’ll complete it. The word completion is
particularly important—the story doesn’t just end, for God leaves
nothing unfinished.

By:  Glenn Packiam

Reflect & Pray

Where are you in your story? How can you trust Jesus to take the “pen”
from your hand and to bring your story to completion?

Dear Jesus, You’re in charge of my story. It’s not up to me to make it
happen. I surrender my life to You. Help me to trust You. To learn
more about who you are and how you can best serve God, visit
ChristianUniversity.org/SF108.
