http://odb.org/2012/06/01/winning-and-losing/

Winning And Losing

Set your mind on things above, not on things on the earth. —
Colossians 3:2

Today's Scripture: Colossians 3:1-12

The Masters Tournament is one of the most prestigious in professional
golf. In 2009, Kenny Perry placed second after leading during the
final round. Writing in The New York Times, Bill Pennington described
Perry as “disappointed but not despondent” after the loss. “I’ll look
back on it occasionally and wonder what I might have done differently,
but I won’t dwell on it,” Perry said. “If this is the worst thing that
happens in my life, I’ve got it pretty good. I won’t let it dog me.
There are so many other things in life that matter more . . . . I’ll
go home tonight with my family and we’ll have fun.”

The ability to look beyond our disappointments is essential for
followers of Christ. Our focus determines how we face the victories
and defeats in life. “If then you were raised with Christ, seek those
things which are above, where Christ is, sitting at the right hand of
God. Set your mind on things above, not on things on the earth” (Col.
3:1-2). This way of thinking looks to Christ, rather than our
achievements, for significance and validation. We seek Him, not
success.

When we strive for excellence and give our best effort, losing hurts,
but it doesn’t have to harm us. The key is where we set our minds and
hearts.

By:  David C. McCasland

Reflect & Pray

Lord, thank You that You are the one who measures how we’ve done in
life and determines whether we’ve been successful. Help us to keep
that focus even in disappointments.

When Christ is the center of your focus, everything else comes into
proper perspective.
