http://odb.org/2016/12/23/what-can-i-give-him/?utm_source=feedburner&u
tm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%29

What Can I Give Him?

Praise the Lord, my soul, and forget not all his benefits.
Psalm 103:2

Today's Scripture & Insight: Psalm 103:1–18

One year, those responsible for decorating their church for Christmas
decided to use the theme of “Christmas lists.” Instead of decorating
with the usual shiny gold and silver ornaments, they gave each person
a red or green tag. On one side they were to write down the gift they
would like from Jesus, and on the other they were to list the gift
they would give to the One whose birth they were celebrating.

If you were to do this, what gift would you ask for and what would you
offer? The Bible gives us lots of ideas. God promises to supply all
our needs, so we might ask for a new job, help with financial
problems, physical healing for ourselves or others, or a restored
relationship. We might be wondering what our spiritual gift is that
equips us for God’s service. Many of these are listed in Romans 12 and
1 Corinthians 12. Or we might long to show more of the fruit of the
Holy Spirit: to be more loving, joyful, peaceful, patient, kind and
good, faithful, gentle and self-controlled (Gal. 5:22–23).

The most important gift we can ever receive is God’s gift of His Son,
our Savior, and with Him forgiveness, restoration, and the promise of
spiritual life that begins now and lasts forever. And the most
important gift we can ever give is to give Jesus our heart.

By:  Marion Stroud

Reflect & Pray

You overwhelm me with Your gifts, Lord. In return, I want to give You
the very best present that I can. Please show me what You want most
from me.

If I were a wise man, I would do my part. Yet what can I give Him—give
Him my heart. Christina G. Rossetti
