https://odb.org/2018/10/07/a-warm-welcome-for-all/?utm_source=feedburn
er&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+odb%2Ffeed+%28Our+Daily+Bread%
29

A Warm Welcome for All

Let us do good to all people, especially to those who belong to the
family of believers.
Galatians 6:10

Today's Scripture & Insight: Hebrews 13:1–3

During a recent vacation, my wife and I visited a famous athletic
complex. The gates were wide open, and it appeared that we were
welcome to visit. We enjoyed touring the grounds and admiring the
well-manicured sports fields. As we were about to leave, someone
stopped us and coldly told us we were not supposed to be there.
Suddenly, we were reminded that we were outsiders—and it felt
uncomfortable.

On that vacation we also visited a church. Again, the doors were open,
so we walked in. What a difference! Many people greeted us warmly and
made us feel right at home. We walked out of that church service
knowing we were welcomed and accepted.

Sadly, it isn’t uncommon for outsiders to receive the unspoken message
“you’re not supposed to be here” when they visit a church. But
Scripture calls us to be hospitable to all. Jesus said we are to love
our neighbors as ourselves, which surely means welcoming them into our
lives and our churches (Matthew 22:39). In Hebrews, we’re reminded to
“show hospitality to strangers” (13:2). Both Luke and Paul instruct us
to show active love to people with social and physical needs (Luke
14:13–14; Romans 12:13). And among the body of believers, we have a
special responsibility to show love (Galatians 6:10).

When we welcome all people openly and with Christlike love, we reflect
our Savior’s love and compassion.

By:  Dave Branon

Reflect & Pray

Lord, open our hearts to all people who enter our lives—showing them
Christlike love and godly hospitality. Help us to make everyone we
meet feel the warm welcome of Jesus’s love.

When we practice hospitality, we share God’s goodness.
