http://ymi.today/2015/06/are-we-silent-before-god/

Are We Silent Before God?

Author: by Contributor

Written By Mei Hsien, Singapore

A couple of years ago, I attended a large-scale youth prayer meeting.
At one point, the pastor instructed the ushers to close all the doors
in the hall and to switch off all the lights. As there were no
windows, the place was pitch dark.

In the silence and darkness, we were instructed to put aside all
distractions, focus on God, and pray. Once everything came to a
standstill, I immediately felt restless. Standing in the midst of
thousands of fellow believers in total darkness and silence, the five
minutes that we were given to pray felt like an eternity. I found that
I was unable to pray or even keep still. It dawned on me that I had
got used to noise; silence was making me anxious.

I then realized an even bigger problem—I just couldn’t be still before
God.

Have we been too used to the noise around us such that silence makes
us feel awkward and anxious? Do we feel like we have to be doing
something every moment we are awake? Have we been busy with busyness?
Have we been so distracted by all the things around us that we miss
out on what God may be saying to us? Do we feel restless when we are
still and feel like we have to constantly check our smartphones or
social media accounts? Have we sacrificed our daily time with our Lord
just for one more of that cat or dog video on the internet?

Our Lord desires that we draw close to Him. He desires that we draw
ourselves away from the noise of the world and be still before Him. As
we continually draw near to seek His face, may we learn to quieten our
hearts and minds, and be attentive to His voice.

Lord, help us not to be distracted by the noise and voices of the
world, but learn to be still before You.

“He says, ‘Be still, and know that I am God; I will be exalted among
the nations, I will be exalted in the earth.’”—Psalms 46:10

Photo credit: One From RM / Foter / CC BY

