http://ymi.today/2017/06/a-letter-to-the-man-of-few-words/

A Letter To The Man of Few Words

Author: by Contributor

Written By Jasmine Koh

Dear Dad,

It is late October. I am seven and barely 90 centimeters tall. You
seem like a giant to me. I reach out to hold you and my tiny hands are
engulfed by your smooth and strong palms.

It is late October and I am 17 years old. I close the door behind me
while uttering a muffled goodbye, not bothering to wish you a good day
as I used to before. You say a quick goodbye, too, typing away on your
desktop on a Monday morning, neither of us trying to bridge the
distance created in the span of 3,650 days. I leave and return to the
same flat on the seventh floor every day, as if my home was a hotel.
Your nagging and your silence have tired me out.

It is late October and I am 19. I have just attended the funeral of
two of my peers’ fathers. I don’t know if I am thinking too much, but
I am afraid of your passing, too. Someday, when you go, I don’t know
how different life will be. How different I will be. They say that we
only remember the presence of someone when they are no longer around.

Every now and then, I rest my eyes on your silhouette. Sometimes from
behind the desktop screen, sometimes when you take a breather at the
sofa. Looking at the white hairs and the spots surfacing on your skin,
it dawns on me that you are ageing.

In the time I spent pestering you to bring me to the playground,
catching movies after classes, starting my new part-time job, and
entering university, you have gotten old. You still leave your
unwashed mug on the table, shout at mum when she doesn’t turn off the
switches, and nag me for coming home too late. But you are my dad—and
no nagging or silence can ever change that.

It took me a long time to see you for who you are: a figure of
strength, tenderness and silence all in one man. It took me many more
years to realize what truly mattered to you—how meals together and
taking heed of your words meant so much to you. You have worked
tirelessly to raise us up. Although a man of few words, you are a man
of fatherly love.

Thank you, Dad. You remind me that imperfect beings like us can still
love in big and small ways. I don’t always say I love you, or Thank
you, but you have truly played a big part in making me the person I am
today.

Happy Father’s Day.



