http://ymi.today/2016/01/editors-picks-top-3-articles-identity/

Editor’s Picks: Top 3 Articles | Identity

Author: by YMI

Welcome to this brand-new section on Editor’s Picks.

Throughout the course of the year, we’ve received some extremely
helpful and well-written pieces that we think will be a pity to not
share with you again—especially if you missed them the first
time. Join us as share with you our monthly picks; feel free to share
with us your comments below.

This month, we explore and define what identity means in this age of
the internet and social media. Here’s three fantastic pieces on social
media and its effect on our identity that we genuinely think you’d
benefit from.

Simply click on the titles, take your time and savor them.

“All the world’s a stage; and all the men and women merely
players.”—William Shakespeare. Social media is a stage—one where we
act out the identities we wish people around us to see.

Apparently, Facebook could make you feel discontented with your life.
Researchers from two German universities surveyed 600 students
regarding their feelings after using Facebook. More than one-third of
the respondents feel worse after visiting friends’ pages. They cited
predominantly negative feelings of anger, exhaustion, frustration, and
irritation. Thirty percent considered envy as the main source for
these feelings. So where does this feeling of envy come from?

A while ago, I was online chatting with an old college friend who
suddenly sent me a message saying that I have “a beautiful life.”
While I am truly grateful to the Lord for what He has blessed me with,
and where He has brought me from, I was sincerely humbled by my
friend’s compliment. His statement left me wondering: What made him
say that my life is beautiful?

