http://ymi.today/2015/07/my-letter-to-sin/

My letter to “Sin”

Author: by Contributor

Written By Bridget Legaspi, Philippines

Dear Sin,

You keep on knocking on the door, tempting me in every way you can. I
have broken my bondage with you, I have chosen to let you go; yet you
keep coming back.

There were times I had let you in, but God’s perpetual whispers would
remind me to run back to Him. I would be down on my knees in front of
Him, confessing to Him what I’d done wrong, and asking for His
forgiveness.

Time went by and there you were again, banging on the wooden door. The
sound it created echoed of pleasure. The same tragic things happened—I
kept on stumbling, then crying out to Him. I was afraid that it would
become a vicious cycle. You whispered lies to me, saying that my
situation couldn’t be changed any more, that I would be stuck in this
trap for eternity—until someone found out, or until I was dead in
shame. You whispered that backsliding was the only way to win the
battle inside me.

But His Words struck my heart like a sword; they were meant to rebuke,
remind, strengthen, heal, and purify me. He didn’t give up on me, even
though I broke His heart whenever I fell for you. He reminded me again
and again of His inexhaustible love and mercy for me, He remained
gracious to me despite me stumbling. All that He is, and His promises,
were more than enough to completely shut you off and help me turn from
you.

I need not worry every time you come back knocking, because I know who
is always with me and whom to run to. All I have to do is to be quiet,
ask for help, and focus on Him.

Because of Him and in Him alone, I am victorious over you.

Photo credit: Rubin Starset / Foter / CC BY-NC-SA

