http://ymi.today/2015/10/switch-on-your-light/

Switch On Your Light!

Author: by Contributor

Written By Joy-Ann Wood, West Indies

I recently attended a concert by Grammy Award-winning Christian music
artist Israel Houghton, otherwise known as Israel & New Breed. At one
point during the concert, Israel asked everyone to turn on their
cellphone lights as he led the audience to sing, “Jesus is the Light
of the World”.

You may have been asked to do the same at concerts. The singer
instructs the audience to “put a lighter up” or to turn on their
cellphone lights, and the main lights in the concert hall are then
dimmed. It’s a chance to contribute a personal touch to the concert.

So as we sang about Jesus being the Light of the world, we were also
being individual lights at Israel’s concert.

Isn’t it amazing that Jesus is calling us to be lights, to shine for
Him? It is astounding that He finds us worthy to be shining
ambassadors of His truth in our schools, communities, and workplaces.

In Philippians 2:15, Paul calls believers “children of God without
blemish in the midst of a crooked and twisted generation” and urges
them to “shine as lights in the world”.

Doesn’t that excite you? As children of God, we have been selected to
stand among our schoolmates, workmates, neighbors, and friends who
have not yet committed their lives to Jesus, to shine for our Savior.
Today, Jesus is telling us to be His catalyst for change in this messy
world of sin. Today, Jesus is telling us to be His catalyst for change
in this messy world of sin.

Jesus is calling you and me to shine. He is telling us to shine in our
attitudes, speech, and actions, and to have a genuine love for others.
This is our big moment to shine bright and make a difference for Jesus
Christ.

