http://ymi.today/2017/03/hurtful-words-i-needed-to-hear/

Hurtful Words I Needed To Hear

Author: by Agnes Lee

Every Wednesday, I meet with a team leader and my colleague Abigail*
for lunch fellowship. Though it’s just the three of us, we thought to
heed the call in Matthew 18:20, “For where two or three gather in my
name, there am I with them.”

Two weeks ago, our leader was on sick leave. Deep down, I was not very
keen on meeting Abigail alone as I found her a rather defensive and
self-centered person. But Abigail was keen to meet so I relented.

That day, Abigail brought food from home to heat up in our office
pantry before fellowship. While she was in the pantry, another
colleague, Jacqueline, asked if I wanted to join the rest of the team
for lunch. When I told her that Abigail and I were getting ready for
fellowship, Jacqueline said in a friendly manner, “No, you should join
us for lunch. You don’t have to go for fellowship since your leader is
not here. Anyway, both of you don’t really get along, and you always
grumble about Abigail anyway. You should join us, learn about the
other gods and be open.”

Jacqueline’s words cut like a knife. Yet, I knew exactly what she was
referring to. For the past couple of weeks, I had been complaining
about Abigail behind her back, telling others about her selfish
attitude and lack of team spirit. Still, Jacqueline’s words hurt me
and made me feel like a failure. Though I had claimed to be a Christ
follower, I had given in to my flesh and neglected the Spirit.

A few days later, I came across John 13:34-35: “A new command I give
you: Love one another. As I have loved you, so you must love one
another. By this everyone will know that you are my disciples, if you
love one another.” The words struck me and I thought of the earlier
incident again. I knew for a fact that God was using this passage to
speak to me.

I needed to love Abigail and accept her, not just on the surface, but
completely. I needed to love Abigail and accept her, not just on the
surface, but completely. I had to stop pretending to be friendly with
her, and complaining about her behind her back. This showed disunity
between me and Abigail, and disunity between my faith and my actions.
How then could others see that I am Christ’s disciple?

I had to change and start speaking words of grace, words that
reflected Christ. I needed to fight against my flesh and allow the
Holy Spirit to work in me to produce fruits of love, kindness, and
self-control.

As I remembered how gracious and patient God had been with me, how He
didn’t give up on me no matter how self-centered, mean, and defensive
I had been in the past (Romans 8:1), I repented and stopped
complaining. I told my team leader honestly about the struggles I had,
and she arranged for Abigail and me to talk about it.

Initially, Abigail was upset at me. She felt that I had misunderstood
her, and said that she couldn’t trust me anymore. We did not speak for
a few days after that. Our leader was very concerned and spoke to us
individually on a few separate occasions. Eventually, we both reached
a common understanding.

In all of this, I had been too quick to judge and condemn. I also
began to realize that Abigail is actually a very nice friend to have,
because she is quick to forget grievances and does not hold grudges
for long. Subsequently, I also noticed how her attitude towards the
rest of us changed; she is a more helpful person now.

I realize now that condemning and complaining had prevented me from
seeing the good side of Abigail and learning more about the grace of
God. But now I am free. I am glad that Abigail and I both have learned
more about one another from this episode, and we are now able to love
one another through the grace of Christ. We are sisters in Christ, we
have the same Abba Father, and we have the same eternal home.



*Not her real name.



Agnes once scored a “D” for English, so she never imagined that she
could write. But after she experienced God’s redemptive power through
an unexpected interruption in life, she felt prompted to write to
share about the goodness of God, and to bring comfort and hope to
those around her. She is quiet most of the time and loves reading or
taking long walks on her own but can be easily tempted out of her
hermit mode with ice-cream, cakes, cookies, and most things sweet.



