http://ymi.today/2017/05/13-words-that-changed-my-life/

13 Words that Changed My Life

Author: by Contributor

Written by Stacy Joy, USA

There are certain moments in life we will never forget. We remember
these times vividly because they have a profound impact on the way we
view the world, ourselves, and how we approach life.

I can point back to a few key people and events that have influenced
me significantly, but one moment in particular sticks out. At the age
of 14, my parents handed me a book list to complete before the new
school term started. I initially thought my life was over—what
14-year-old wants to do that during a break from school?

The torture of this assignment subsided though when I read the book
Don’t Waste Your Life by the great preacher John Piper. A single line
in it changed my understanding of God, myself, and the world around
me: God is most glorified in us when we are most satisfied in Him.

These 13 words answered life’s biggest question: what is life all
about? I knew that I loved God and needed to tell others about Him,
but I hadn’t realized that every single part of my life, not just
attending church or reading Scripture, is to be directed towards one
goal: glorifying my Creator (1 Cor 10:31, Isa 43:6-7). This includes
the movies I watch, the way I talk to others, what I allow my mind to
dwell on, the way I approach relationships, and even the way I spend
money. I had to stop and ask myself, am I making God’s name famous
through all these?

Every machine is made for a specific reason; to accomplish the purpose
of its maker. Similarly, God created us for a purpose, and that is to
bring Him glory. A machine that is not doing what it was created to do
is broken. When we start living for the glory of ourselves, seeking
our own praise and recognition above the Lord’s, we become like a
broken machine—not accomplishing the purpose we were made for. As a
result, we feel empty, lack purpose, and anxiously pursue a meaning to
our lives.

The truth is that God created us in His absolute wisdom and grace to
not only accomplish a purpose but to be ultimately satisfied as we are
accomplishing it. This reality makes life fully satisfying.
Satisfying, but not easy. Living for God’s glory above all else is
truly the most difficult thing we will ever be called to do, yet it is
the most rewarding task to faithfully fulfill (Psa 16:11).

Sometimes in ministry and in life, the discomfort of not meeting the
expectations of those around us in our quest for God’s glory is
overwhelming and burdensome. As a new, young pastor’s wife, I have to
regularly choose between glorifying Him and seeking my own glory in
the choices I make.

I also faced this battle growing up as a pastor’s kid, especially on
an occasion in my early 20s when I was faced with a difficult
decision. After getting out of a destructive relationship, God grabbed
my attention like never before and my need for Him became insatiable.
Such a radical change happened in my heart and soul during this period
of time that it made me wonder if I had been converted earlier in life
as I had previously thought; a question that I still do not have a
definitive answer to.

I decided to get baptized again, knowing that if I had only just
become a believer, getting baptized post-conversion was walking in
faithful obedience to God (Matt 28:18-20, Acts 2:38a, 1 John 2:4-5).
So, in front of a 1,500-strong congregation who had watched me grow
up, teach their children, speak into their lives, and be their
pastor’s daughter, I got baptized once again—thus admitting to
everyone that I may have only just recently been saved. From a human
standpoint, this was absolutely humiliating. But I was able to boldly
and joyfully do so knowing that my goal was not to win their approval;
it was to be faithful to my God in Heaven.

I want to share two of the most powerful ways I believe this concept
of glorifying God can and should shape our everyday lives.



If nothing matters more than glorifying God with our lives, things
become pretty clear. In a world where black and white has been turned
to gray and the existence of absolute truth itself is being attacked,
Christians can have peace. We rest assured knowing that we glorify God
by studying, understanding, and affirming His Word and truth above all
other religious beliefs, scientific claims, or cultural trends.

To keep these truths forefront in my life, I have found that I must
spend time immersing myself in Scripture, reading books written by
Biblically-grounded solid evangelicals, and listening to those whom I
trust as I desire to remain teachable and pursue being conformed into
the image of Christ. If God is glorified most when we are most
satisfied in Him, studying Him and drawing closer to Him is the most
valuable thing any of us can do with our time. Our minds so quickly
become sponges for the deception peddled by our culture (Prov 4:23),
so our time with God must be prioritized, guarded, and treasured. The
beautiful part is that the more we seek God, the more our desire to
seek Him intensifies. This, coupled with the daily crucifying of
indwelling sin guarantees that peace before a holy God is attainable.



It doesn’t matter what others’ opinion of us is as long as we can
answer the following two questions with a “yes”. One, does the way I
am living please and glorify God Biblically, and two, am I finding my
value and contentment in Christ alone? If we can answer these
questions with a “yes” and are truly seeking to surrender ourselves to
the daily call of glorifying God above all else, then our satisfaction
will not be rooted in the fleeting opinions of man, but in knowing
that God alone is pleased (Gal 1:10).

May we be reminded today to joyfully and unashamedly ground ourselves
in truth and pursue Christ for our very sanity because we were created
to find rest and satisfaction in Him alone (Ps 62:1).

God is most glorified in us when we are most satisfied in Him. I pray
that God uses these 13 words to continually have a great impact in
every area of our lives, leading us to better glorify Him with this
one life we have been given.



