http://ymi.today/2015/04/when-dust-settles-in-the-sunlight/

When Dust Settles in the Sunlight

Author: by Contributor

Written By Lim Lay Hsuan, Malaysia

I will readily admit that my life is not an open book, free for just
about anyone and everyone under the sun to “read”. Suffice to say that
even close friends can be very judgmental and critical once they learn
about certain events in our life’s history. Perhaps that is why most
people choose to hide aspects of themselves behind a firewall.

Depending on our prudence, discretion, and judgement, we filter access
to our past, especially the parts we wish to hide. We ensure that
others around us won’t notice our flaws, mistakes, and iniquities,
like fine dust which is invisible to the naked eye.

But what happens when we allow a ray of sunlight to enter a closed off
room or when we hold up a torch in the dark? All of a sudden, the dust
particles come into full view and we can see them clearly, suspended
in the air. This reminds me very much about the “sunlight” of our
lives: Jesus. In His glorious presence, nothing is hidden from Him.
Our lives become an open book to Him and the dust becomes evident, no
matter how hard we try to hide it.

As we read in Hebrews 4:13, “Nothing in all creation is hidden from
God’s sight. Everything is uncovered and laid bare before the eyes of
him to whom we must give account.”

If the dust represents our flaws, He graciously moulds us to become
more like Him (if we allow Him to). If the dust represents our
mistakes, He lovingly wipes them off our record, allowing us the
opportunity to start anew. If the dust represents our iniquities, He
patiently waits for our true repentance.

Jesus is the illuminating sunlight that can make all things new. Will
you, as the lyrics of the popular song go, open up your heart and let
the sunshine in?

Photo credit: Dima Viunnyk / Foter / CC BY



