http://ymi.today/2014/12/gods-will-isnt-always-obvious-us/

Why God’s Will Isn’t Always Obvious to Us

Author: by Contributor

Written By Jeremy Larson, USA

The biggest source of stress for many Christians is probably the will
of God. Right? We feel the pressure to know His will for our lives, to
make right decisions, and have things all figured out. What makes
this even more stressful is how silent God usually is, many times
causing us to wonder: “Am I too distant from God? Have I missed it or
done something wrong?” But have you noticed that the Bible has far
less to say about this issue than many preachers do?

Through my own struggle and search for answers I’ve concluded that God
doesn’t intend to work so simply and obviously with us, for a number
of reasons.

Much of it has to do with our relationship with God. You see, there’s
a difference between a servant/slave, a steward/manager, and a
son/daughter. While the Bible describes our relationship with God in
the above three forms, it’s clear that God’s primary view of us is as
His children (John 1:12). It should stand to reason then that God will
relate to us in a way that reflects and develops this father-child
relationship.

This, I believe, is why more often than not God doesn’t give straight,
direct answers when it comes to leading us. A servant simply receives
and follows orders, while a manager is given an overall job or
objective. But God wants us to rise above being a servant, even a
steward, and become more like Him as children. In other words, God
isn’t as concerned about what we do or don’t do, but who and what we
become.

I will continue this little series tomorrow by providing six tips on
“How to make decisions that please God”.

