http://ymi.today/2016/02/editors-picks-top-3-articles-relationships/

Editor’s Picks: Top 3 Articles | Relationships

Author: by YMI

Let’s just get it out there: Relationships are as important to us as
the air that we breathe.

Some of the most intense emotions we experience as human beings are
tied to our relationship experiences. The euphoria we feel from being
in love and being loved. The crushing anguish we feel from a broken
relationship. The gut-wrenching grief we feel from the sudden loss of
a loved one.

Relationships affect the very core of who we are and how we operate.
And rightly so! God made us relational beings.

This month, we shine the spotlight on this crucial component of our
lives. And we’re proud to share with you YMI’s top three most popular
pieces on relationships for 2015.

Take time to read, mull and soak in these articles.

We truly believe you’d benefit from them.

It’s a cute sentiment. The idea is that “she” makes everything better.
“She” cancels out the negative thoughts and self-talk in his mind.
Essentially, she saves him. But this phrase, sets my blood on fire.
And here’s why: It is extremely selfish and a terrible burden to lay
on someone you love to expect them to save you.

Dear (Future) Husband, You’re reading this on the first morning of our
first day as a married couple because you are (now officially) the guy
that I have been praying so much for. You came about in God’s good
timing and, once again, He has given me more than I could ever wish
for.

When I became a Christian, I became familiar with the tagline, “True
love waits”, which encourages sexual abstinence. It resonated with me.
It sounded noble and wise, and it made sense. True love means waiting
to do it only after you say your marriage vows, and saving yourself is
the best gift you can give your spouse. And so waiting became the
solution to keeping myself pure. But waiting is not the way to purity
. . .

