http://utmost.org/the-great-life/

The Great Life

Peace I leave with you, My peace I give to you; not as the world gives
do I give to you. Let not your heart be troubled… —John 14:27

Whenever we experience something difficult in our personal life, we
are tempted to blame God. But we are the ones in the wrong, not God.
Blaming God is evidence that we are refusing to let go of some
disobedience somewhere in our lives. But as soon as we let go,
everything becomes as clear as daylight to us. As long as we try to
serve two masters, ourselves and God, there will be difficulties
combined with doubt and confusion. Our attitude must be one of
complete reliance on God. Once we get to that point, there is nothing
easier than living the life of a saint. We encounter difficulties when
we try to usurp the authority of the Holy Spirit for our own purposes.

God’s mark of approval, whenever you obey Him, is peace. He sends an
immeasurable, deep peace; not a natural peace, “as the world gives,”
but the peace of Jesus. Whenever peace does not come, wait until it
does, or seek to find out why it is not coming. If you are acting on
your own impulse, or out of a sense of the heroic, to be seen by
others, the peace of Jesus will not exhibit itself. This shows no
unity with God or confidence in Him. The spirit of simplicity,
clarity, and unity is born through the Holy Spirit, not through your
decisions. God counters our self-willed decisions with an appeal for
simplicity and unity.

My questions arise whenever I cease to obey. When I do obey God,
problems come, not between me and God, but as a means to keep my mind
examining with amazement the revealed truth of God. But any problem
that comes between God and myself is the result of disobedience. Any
problem that comes while I obey God (and there will be many),
increases my overjoyed delight, because I know that my Father knows
and cares, and I can watch and anticipate how He will unravel my
problems.

By Oswald Chambers

