http://utmost.org/the-discipline-of-hearing/

The Discipline of Hearing

Whatever I tell you in the dark, speak in the light; and what you hear
in the ear, preach on the housetops. —Matthew 10:27

Sometimes God puts us through the experience and discipline of
darkness to teach us to hear and obey Him. Song birds are taught to
sing in the dark, and God puts us into “the shadow of His hand” until
we learn to hear Him (Isaiah 49:2). “Whatever I tell you in the dark…”
— pay attention when God puts you into darkness, and keep your mouth
closed while you are there. Are you in the dark right now in your
circumstances, or in your life with God? If so, then remain quiet. If
you open your mouth in the dark, you will speak while in the wrong
mood— darkness is the time to listen. Don’t talk to other people about
it; don’t read books to find out the reason for the darkness; just
listen and obey. If you talk to other people, you cannot hear what God
is saying. When you are in the dark, listen, and God will give you a
very precious message for someone else once you are back in the light.

After every time of darkness, we should experience a mixture of
delight and humiliation. If there is only delight, I question whether
we have really heard God at all. We should experience delight for
having heard God speak, but mostly humiliation for having taken so
long to hear Him! Then we will exclaim, “How slow I have been to
listen and understand what God has been telling me!” And yet God has
been saying it for days and even weeks. But once you hear Him, He
gives you the gift of humiliation, which brings a softness of heart— a
gift that will always cause you to listen to God now.

By Oswald Chambers

