https://utmost.org/look-again-and-think/

Look Again and Think

Do not worry about your life… —Matthew 6:25

A warning which needs to be repeated is that “the cares of this world
and the deceitfulness of riches,” and the lust for other things, will
choke out the life of God in us (Matthew 13:22). We are never free
from the recurring waves of this invasion. If the frontline of attack
is not about clothes and food, it may be about money or the lack of
money; or friends or lack of friends; or the line may be drawn over
difficult circumstances. It is one steady invasion, and these things
will come in like a flood, unless we allow the Spirit of God to raise
up the banner against it.

“I say to you, do not worry about your life….” Our Lord says to be
careful only about one thing— our relationship to Him. But our common
sense shouts loudly and says, “That is absurd, I must consider how I
am going to live, and I must consider what I am going to eat and
drink.” Jesus says you must not. Beware of allowing yourself to think
that He says this while not understanding your circumstances. Jesus
Christ knows our circumstances better than we do, and He says we must
not think about these things to the point where they become the
primary concern of our life. Whenever there are competing concerns in
your life, be sure you always put your relationship to God first.

“Sufficient for the day is its own trouble” (Matthew 6:34). How much
trouble has begun to threaten you today? What kind of mean little
demons have been looking into your life and saying, “What are your
plans for next month— or next summer?” Jesus tells us not to worry
about any of these things. Look again and think. Keep your mind on the
“much more” of your heavenly Father (Matthew 6:30).

By Oswald Chambers

