http://utmost.org/the-ministry-of-the-inner-life/

The Ministry of the Inner Life

You are…a royal priesthood… —1 Peter 2:9

By what right have we become “a royal priesthood”? It is by the right
of the atonement by the Cross of Christ that this has been
accomplished. Are we prepared to purposely disregard ourselves and to
launch out into the priestly work of prayer? The continual inner-
searching we do in an effort to see if we are what we ought to be
generates a self-centered, sickly type of Christianity, not the
vigorous and simple life of a child of God. Until we get into this
right and proper relationship with God, it is simply a case of our
“hanging on by the skin of our teeth,” although we say, “What a
wonderful victory I have!” Yet there is nothing at all in that which
indicates the miracle of redemption. Launch out in reckless,
unrestrained belief that the redemption is complete. Then don’t worry
anymore about yourself, but begin to do as Jesus Christ has said, in
essence, “Pray for the friend who comes to you at midnight, pray for
the saints of God, and pray for all men.” Pray with the realization
that you are perfect only in Christ Jesus, not on the basis of this
argument: “Oh, Lord, I have done my best; please hear me now.”

How long is it going to take God to free us from the unhealthy habit
of thinking only about ourselves? We must get to the point of being
sick to death of ourselves, until there is no longer any surprise at
anything God might tell us about ourselves. We cannot reach and
understand the depths of our own meagerness. There is only one place
where we are right with God, and that is in Christ Jesus. Once we are
there, we have to pour out our lives for all we are worth in this
ministry of the inner life.

By Oswald Chambers

