http://utmost.org/experience-or-god%E2%80%99s-revealed-truth/

Experience or God’s Revealed Truth?

We have received…the Spirit who is from God, that we might know the
things that have been freely given to us by God. —1 Corinthians 2:12

My experience is not what makes redemption real— redemption is
reality. Redemption has no real meaning for me until it is worked out
through my conscious life. When I am born again, the Spirit of God
takes me beyond myself and my experiences, and identifies me with
Jesus Christ. If I am left only with my personal experiences, I am
left with something not produced by redemption. But experiences
produced by redemption prove themselves by leading me beyond myself,
to the point of no longer paying any attention to experiences as the
basis of reality. Instead, I see that only the reality itself produced
the experiences. My experiences are not worth anything unless they
keep me at the Source of truth— Jesus Christ.

If you try to hold back the Holy Spirit within you, with the desire of
producing more inner spiritual experiences, you will find that He will
break the hold and take you again to the historic Christ. Never
support an experience which does not have God as its Source and faith
in God as its result. If you do, your experience is anti-Christian, no
matter what visions or insights you may have had. Is Jesus Christ Lord
of your experiences, or do you place your experiences above Him? Is
any experience dearer to you than your Lord? You must allow Him to be
Lord over you, and pay no attention to any experience over which He is
not Lord. Then there will come a time when God will make you impatient
with your own experience, and you can truthfully say, “I do not care
what I experience— I am sure of Him!”

Be relentless and hard on yourself if you are in the habit of talking
about the experiences you have had. Faith based on experience is not
faith; faith based on God’s revealed truth is the only faith there is.

By Oswald Chambers

