http://utmost.org/complete-and-effective-decision-about-sin/

Complete and Effective Decision About Sin

…our old man was crucified with Him, that the body of sin might be
done away with, that we should no longer be slaves of sin. —Romans 6:6

Co-Crucifixion. Have you made the following decision about sin—that it
must be completely killed in you? It takes a long time to come to the
point of making this complete and effective decision about sin. It is,
however, the greatest moment in your life once you decide that sin
must die in you– not simply be restrained, suppressed, or
counteracted, but crucified— just as Jesus Christ died for the sin of
the world. No one can bring anyone else to this decision. We may be
mentally and spiritually convinced, but what we need to do is actually
make the decision that Paul urged us to do in this passage.

Pull yourself up, take some time alone with God, and make this
important decision, saying, “Lord, identify me with Your death until I
know that sin is dead in me.” Make the moral decision that sin in you
must be put to death.

This was not some divine future expectation on the part of Paul, but
was a very radical and definite experience in his life. Are you
prepared to let the Spirit of God search you until you know what the
level and nature of sin is in your life— to see the very things that
struggle against God’s Spirit in you? If so, will you then agree with
God’s verdict on the nature of sin— that it should be identified with
the death of Jesus? You cannot “reckon yourselves to be dead indeed to
sin” (Romans 6:11) unless you have radically dealt with the issue of
your will before God.

Have you entered into the glorious privilege of being crucified with
Christ, until all that remains in your flesh and blood is His life? “I
have been crucified with Christ; it is no longer I who live, but
Christ lives in me…” (Galatians 2:20).

By Oswald Chambers

