http://utmost.org/pouring-out-the-water-of-satisfaction/

Pouring Out the Water of Satisfaction

He would not drink it, but poured it out to the Lord. —2 Samuel 23:16

What has been like “water from the well of Bethlehem” to you recently—
love, friendship, or maybe some spiritual blessing (2 Samuel 23:16)?
Have you taken whatever it may be, even at the risk of damaging your
own soul, simply to satisfy yourself? If you have, then you cannot
pour it out “to the Lord.” You can never set apart for God something
that you desire for yourself to achieve your own satisfaction. If you
try to satisfy yourself with a blessing from God, it will corrupt you.
You must sacrifice it, pouring it out to God— something that your
common sense says is an absurd waste.

How can I pour out “to the Lord” natural love and spiritual blessings?
There is only one way— I must make a determination in my mind to do
so. There are certain things other people do that could never be
received by someone who does not know God, because it is humanly
impossible to repay them. As soon as I realize that something is too
wonderful for me, that I am not worthy to receive it, and that it is
not meant for a human being at all, I must pour it out “to the Lord.”
Then these very things that have come to me will be poured out as
“rivers of living water” all around me (John 7:38). And until I pour
these things out to God, they actually endanger those I love, as well
as myself, because they will be turned into lust. Yes, we can be
lustful in things that are not sordid and vile. Even love must be
transformed by being poured out “to the Lord.”

If you have become bitter and sour, it is because when God gave you a
blessing you hoarded it. Yet if you had poured it out to Him, you
would have been the sweetest person on earth. If you are always
keeping blessings to yourself and never learning to pour out anything
“to the Lord,” other people will never have their vision of God
expanded through you.

By Oswald Chambers

