http://utmost.org/reaching-beyond-our-grasp/

Reaching Beyond Our Grasp

Where there is no revelation [or prophetic vision], the people cast
off restraint… —Proverbs 29:18

There is a difference between holding on to a principle and having a
vision. A principle does not come from moral inspiration, but a vision
does. People who are totally consumed with idealistic principles
rarely do anything. A person’s own idea of God and His attributes may
actually be used to justify and rationalize his deliberate neglect of
his duty. Jonah tried to excuse his disobedience by saying to God, “…I
know that You are a gracious and merciful God, slow to anger and
abundant in lovingkindness, One who relents from doing harm” (Jonah
4:2). I too may have the right idea of God and His attributes, but
that may be the very reason why I do not do my duty. But wherever
there is vision, there is also a life of honesty and integrity,
because the vision gives me the moral incentive.

Our own idealistic principles may actually lull us into ruin. Examine
yourself spiritually to see if you have vision, or only principles.

Ah, but a man’s reach should exceed his grasp, Or what’s a heaven for?

“Where there is no revelation [or prophetic vision]….” Once we lose
sight of God, we begin to be reckless. We cast off certain restraints
from activities we know are wrong. We set prayer aside as well and
cease having God’s vision in the little things of life. We simply
begin to act on our own initiative. If we are eating only out of our
own hand, and doing things solely on our own initiative without
expecting God to come in, we are on a downward path. We have lost the
vision. Is our attitude today an attitude that flows from our vision
of God? Are we expecting God to do greater things than He has ever
done before? Is there a freshness and a vitality in our spiritual
outlook?

By Oswald Chambers

