http://utmost.org/personality/

Personality

…that they may be one just as We are one… —John 17:22

Personality is the unique, limitless part of our life that makes us
distinct from everyone else. It is too vast for us even to comprehend.
An island in the sea may be just the top of a large mountain, and our
personality is like that island. We don’t know the great depths of our
being, therefore we cannot measure ourselves. We start out thinking we
can, but soon realize that there is really only one Being who fully
understands us, and that is our Creator.

Personality is the characteristic mark of the inner, spiritual man,
just as individuality is the characteristic of the outer, natural man.
Our Lord can never be described in terms of individuality and
independence, but only in terms of His total Person— “I and My Father
are one” (John 10:30). Personality merges, and you only reach your
true identity once you are merged with another person. When love or
the Spirit of God come upon a person, he is transformed. He will then
no longer insist on maintaining his individuality. Our Lord never
referred to a person’s individuality or his isolated position, but
spoke in terms of the total person— “…that they may be one just as We
are one….” Once your rights to yourself are surrendered to God, your
true personal nature begins responding to God immediately. Jesus
Christ brings freedom to your total person, and even your
individuality is transformed. The transformation is brought about by
love— personal devotion to Jesus. Love is the overflowing result of
one person in true fellowship with another.

By Oswald Chambers

