https://utmost.org/holiness-or-hardness-toward-god/

Holiness or Hardness Toward God?

He…wondered that there was no intercessor… —Isaiah 59:16

The reason many of us stop praying and become hard toward God is that
we only have an emotional interest in prayer. It sounds good to say
that we pray, and we read books on prayer which tell us that prayer is
beneficial— that our minds are quieted and our souls are uplifted when
we pray. But Isaiah implied in this verse that God is amazed at such
thoughts about prayer.

Worship and intercession must go together; one is impossible without
the other. Intercession means raising ourselves up to the point of
getting the mind of Christ regarding the person for whom we are
praying (see Philippians 2:5). Instead of worshiping God, we recite
speeches to God about how prayer is supposed to work. Are we
worshiping God or disputing Him when we say, “But God, I just don’t
see how you are going to do this”? This is a sure sign that we are not
worshiping. When we lose sight of God, we become hard and dogmatic. We
throw our petitions at His throne and dictate to Him what we want Him
to do. We don’t worship God, nor do we seek to conform our minds to
the mind of Christ. And if we are hard toward God, we will become hard
toward other people.

Are we worshiping God in a way that will raise us up to where we can
take hold of Him, having such intimate contact with Him that we know
His mind about the ones for whom we pray? Are we living in a holy
relationship with God, or have we become hard and dogmatic?

Do you find yourself thinking that there is no one interceding
properly? Then be that person yourself. Be a person who worships God
and lives in a holy relationship with Him. Get involved in the real
work of intercession, remembering that it truly is work— work that
demands all your energy, but work which has no hidden pitfalls.
Preaching the gospel has its share of pitfalls, but intercessory
prayer has none whatsoever.

By Oswald Chambers

