http://utmost.org/it-is-finished/

“It is Finished!”

I have finished the work which You have given Me to do. —John 17:4

The death of Jesus Christ is the fulfillment in history of the very
mind and intent of God. There is no place for seeing Jesus Christ as a
martyr. His death was not something that happened to Him— something
that might have been prevented. His death was the very reason He came.

Never build your case for forgiveness on the idea that God is our
Father and He will forgive us because He loves us. That contradicts
the revealed truth of God in Jesus Christ. It makes the Cross
unnecessary, and the redemption “much ado about nothing.” God forgives
sin only because of the death of Christ. God could forgive people in
no other way than by the death of His Son, and Jesus is exalted as
Savior because of His death. “We see Jesus…for the suffering of death
crowned with glory and honor…” (Hebrews 2:9). The greatest note of
triumph ever sounded in the ears of a startled universe was that
sounded on the Cross of Christ— “It is finished!” (John 19:30). That
is the final word in the redemption of humankind.

Anything that lessens or completely obliterates the holiness of God,
through a false view of His love, contradicts the truth of God as
revealed by Jesus Christ. Never allow yourself to believe that Jesus
Christ stands with us, and against God, out of pity and compassion, or
that He became a curse for us out of sympathy for us. Jesus Christ
became a curse for us by divine decree. Our part in realizing the
tremendous meaning of His curse is the conviction of sin. Conviction
is given to us as a gift of shame and repentance; it is the great
mercy of God. Jesus Christ hates the sin in people, and Calvary is the
measure of His hatred.

By Oswald Chambers

