http://utmost.org/vision-and-darkness/

Vision and Darkness

When the sun was going down, a deep sleep fell upon Abram; and behold,
horror and great darkness fell upon him. —Genesis 15:12

Whenever God gives a vision to a Christian, it is as if He puts him in
“the shadow of His hand” (Isaiah 49:2). The saint’s duty is to be
still and listen. There is a “darkness” that comes from too much
light— that is the time to listen. The story of Abram and Hagar in
Genesis 16 is an excellent example of listening to so-called good
advice during a time of darkness, rather than waiting for God to send
the light. When God gives you a vision and darkness follows, wait. God
will bring the vision He has given you to reality in your life if you
will wait on His timing. Never try to help God fulfill His word. Abram
went through thirteen years of silence, but in those years all of his
self-sufficiency was destroyed. He grew past the point of relying on
his own common sense. Those years of silence were a time of
discipline, not a period of God’s displeasure. There is never any need
to pretend that your life is filled with joy and confidence; just wait
upon God and be grounded in Him (see Isaiah 50:10-11).

Do I trust at all in the flesh? Or have I learned to go beyond all
confidence in myself and other people of God? Do I trust in books and
prayers or other joys in my life? Or have I placed my confidence in
God Himself, not in His blessings? “I am Almighty God…”— El-Shaddai,
the All-Powerful God (Genesis 17:1). The reason we are all being
disciplined is that we will know God is real. As soon as God becomes
real to us, people pale by comparison, becoming shadows of reality.
Nothing that other saints do or say can ever upset the one who is
built on God.

By Oswald Chambers

