https://utmost.org/the-changed-life/

The Changed Life

If anyone is in Christ, he is a new creation; old things have passed
away; behold, all things have become new. —2 Corinthians 5:17

What understanding do you have of the salvation of your soul? The work
of salvation means that in your real life things are dramatically
changed. You no longer look at things in the same way. Your desires
are new and the old things have lost their power to attract you. One
of the tests for determining if the work of salvation in your life is
genuine is— has God changed the things that really matter to you? If
you still yearn for the old things, it is absurd to talk about being
born from above— you are deceiving yourself. If you are born again,
the Spirit of God makes the change very evident in your real life and
thought. And when a crisis comes, you are the most amazed person on
earth at the wonderful difference there is in you. There is no
possibility of imagining that you did it. It is this complete and
amazing change that is the very evidence that you are saved.

What difference has my salvation and sanctification made? For
instance, can I stand in the light of 1 Corinthians 13 , or do I
squirm and evade the issue? True salvation, worked out in me by the
Holy Spirit, frees me completely. And as long as I “walk in the light
as He is in the light” (1 John 1:7), God sees nothing to rebuke
because His life is working itself into every detailed part of my
being, not on the conscious level, but even deeper than my
consciousness.

By Oswald Chambers

