https://utmost.org/spiritual-vision-through-personal-purity-1/

Spiritual Vision Through Personal Purity

Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God. —Matthew 5:8

Purity is not innocence— it is much more than that. Purity is the
result of continued spiritual harmony with God. We have to grow in
purity. Our life with God may be right and our inner purity
unblemished, yet occasionally our outer life may become spotted and
stained. God intentionally does not protect us from this possibility,
because this is the way we recognize the necessity of maintaining our
spiritual vision through personal purity. If the outer level of our
spiritual life with God is impaired to the slightest degree, we must
put everything else aside until we make it right. Remember that
spiritual vision depends on our character— it is “the pure in heart”
who “see God.”

God makes us pure by an act of His sovereign grace, but we still have
something that we must carefully watch. It is through our bodily life
coming in contact with other people and other points of view that we
tend to become tarnished. Not only must our “inner sanctuary” be kept
right with God, but also the “outer courts” must be brought into
perfect harmony with the purity God gives us through His grace. Our
spiritual vision and understanding is immediately blurred when our
“outer court” is stained. If we want to maintain personal intimacy
with the Lord Jesus Christ, it will mean refusing to do or even think
certain things. And some things that are acceptable for others will
become unacceptable for us.

A practical help in keeping your personal purity unblemished in your
relations with other people is to begin to see them as God does. Say
to yourself, “That man or that woman is perfect in Christ Jesus! That
friend or that relative is perfect in Christ Jesus!”

By Oswald Chambers

