http://utmost.org/missionary-weapons-1/

Missionary Weapons (1)

When you were under the fig tree, I saw you. —John 1:48

Worshiping in Everyday Occasions. We presume that we would be ready
for battle if confronted with a great crisis, but it is not the crisis
that builds something within us— it simply reveals what we are made of
already. Do you find yourself saying, “If God calls me to battle, of
course I will rise to the occasion”? Yet you won’t rise to the
occasion unless you have done so on God’s training ground. If you are
not doing the task that is closest to you now, which God has
engineered into your life, when the crisis comes, instead of being fit
for battle, you will be revealed as being unfit. Crises always reveal
a person’s true character.

A private relationship of worshiping God is the greatest essential
element of spiritual fitness. The time will come, as Nathanael
experienced in this passage, that a private “fig-tree” life will no
longer be possible. Everything will be out in the open, and you will
find yourself to be of no value there if you have not been worshiping
in everyday occasions in your own home. If your worship is right in
your private relationship with God, then when He sets you free, you
will be ready. It is in the unseen life, which only God saw, that you
have become perfectly fit. And when the strain of the crisis comes,
you can be relied upon by God.

Are you saying, “But I can’t be expected to live a sanctified life in
my present circumstances; I have no time for prayer or Bible study
right now; besides, my opportunity for battle hasn’t come yet, but
when it does, of course I will be ready”? No, you will not. If you
have not been worshiping in everyday occasions, when you get involved
in God’s work, you will not only be useless yourself but also a
hindrance to those around you.

God’s training ground, where the missionary weapons are found, is the
hidden, personal, worshiping life of the saint.

By Oswald Chambers

