http://utmost.org/god%E2%80%99s-purpose-or-mine/

God’s Purpose or Mine?

He made His disciples get into the boat and go before Him to the other
side… —Mark 6:45

We tend to think that if Jesus Christ compels us to do something and
we are obedient to Him, He will lead us to great success. We should
never have the thought that our dreams of success are God’s purpose
for us. In fact, His purpose may be exactly the opposite. We have the
idea that God is leading us toward a particular end or a desired goal,
but He is not. The question of whether or not we arrive at a
particular goal is of little importance, and reaching it becomes
merely an episode along the way. What we see as only the process of
reaching a particular end, God sees as the goal itself.

What is my vision of God’s purpose for me? Whatever it may be, His
purpose is for me to depend on Him and on His power now. If I can stay
calm, faithful, and unconfused while in the middle of the turmoil of
life, the goal of the purpose of God is being accomplished in me. God
is not working toward a particular finish— His purpose is the process
itself. What He desires for me is that I see “Him walking on the sea”
with no shore, no success, nor goal in sight, but simply having the
absolute certainty that everything is all right because I see “Him
walking on the sea” (Mark 6:49). It is the process, not the outcome,
that is glorifying to God.

God’s training is for now, not later. His purpose is for this very
minute, not for sometime in the future. We have nothing to do with
what will follow our obedience, and we are wrong to concern ourselves
with it. What people call preparation, God sees as the goal itself.

God’s purpose is to enable me to see that He can walk on the storms of
my life right now. If we have a further goal in mind, we are not
paying enough attention to the present time. However, if we realize
that moment-by-moment obedience is the goal, then each moment as it
comes is precious.

By Oswald Chambers

