https://utmost.org/the-compelling-majesty-of-his-power/

The Compelling Majesty of His Power

The love of Christ compels us… —2 Corinthians 5:14

Paul said that he was overpowered, subdued, and held as in a vise by
“the love of Christ.” Very few of us really know what it means to be
held in the grip of the love of God. We tend so often to be controlled
simply by our own experience. The one thing that gripped and held
Paul, to the exclusion of everything else, was the love of God. “The
love of Christ compels us….” When you hear that coming from the life
of a man or woman it is unmistakable. You will know that the Spirit of
God is completely unhindered in that person’s life.

When we are born again by the Spirit of God, our testimony is based
solely on what God has done for us, and rightly so. But that will
change and be removed forever once you “receive power when the Holy
Spirit has come upon you…” (Acts 1:8). Only then will you begin to
realize what Jesus meant when He went on to say, “…you shall be
witnesses to Me….” Not witnesses to what Jesus can do— that is basic
and understood— but “witnesses to Me….” We will accept everything that
happens as if it were happening to Him, whether we receive praise or
blame, persecution or reward. No one is able to take this stand for
Jesus Christ who is not totally compelled by the majesty of His power.
It is the only thing that matters, and yet it is strange that it’s the
last thing we as Christian workers realize. Paul said that he was
gripped by the love of God and that is why he acted as he did. People
could perceive him as mad or sane— he did not care. There was only one
thing he lived for— to persuade people of the coming judgment of God
and to tell them of “the love of Christ.” This total surrender to “the
love of Christ” is the only thing that will bear fruit in your life.
And it will always leave the mark of God’s holiness and His power,
never drawing attention to your personal holiness.

By Oswald Chambers

