https://utmost.org/sacred-service/

Sacred Service

I now rejoice in my sufferings for you, and fill up in my flesh what
is lacking in the afflictions of Christ… —Colossians 1:24

The Christian worker has to be a sacred “go-between.” He must be so
closely identified with his Lord and the reality of His redemption
that Christ can continually bring His creating life through him. I am
not referring to the strength of one individual’s personality being
superimposed on another, but the real presence of Christ coming
through every aspect of the worker’s life. When we preach the
historical facts of the life and death of our Lord as they are
conveyed in the New Testament, our words are made sacred. God uses
these words, on the basis of His redemption, to create something in
those who listen which otherwise could never have been created. If we
simply preach the effects of redemption in the human life instead of
the revealed, divine truth regarding Jesus Himself, the result is not
new birth in those who listen. The result is a refined religious
lifestyle, and the Spirit of God cannot witness to it because such
preaching is in a realm other than His. We must make sure that we are
living in such harmony with God that as we proclaim His truth He can
create in others those things which He alone can do.

When we say, “What a wonderful personality, what a fascinating person,
and what wonderful insight!” then what opportunity does the gospel of
God have through all of that? It cannot get through, because the
attraction is to the messenger and not the message. If a person
attracts through his personality, that becomes his appeal. If,
however, he is identified with the Lord Himself, then the appeal
becomes what Jesus Christ can do. The danger is to glory in men, yet
Jesus says we are to lift up only Him (see John 12:32).

By Oswald Chambers

