https://utmost.org/you-are-not-your-own/

“You Are Not Your Own”

Do you not know that…you are not your own? —1 Corinthians 6:19

There is no such thing as a private life, or a place to hide in this
world, for a man or woman who is intimately aware of and shares in the
sufferings of Jesus Christ. God divides the private life of His saints
and makes it a highway for the world on one hand and for Himself on
the other. No human being can stand that unless he is identified with
Jesus Christ. We are not sanctified for ourselves. We are called into
intimacy with the gospel, and things happen that appear to have
nothing to do with us. But God is getting us into fellowship with
Himself. Let Him have His way. If you refuse, you will be of no value
to God in His redemptive work in the world, but will be a hindrance
and a stumbling block.

The first thing God does is get us grounded on strong reality and
truth. He does this until our cares for ourselves individually have
been brought into submission to His way for the purpose of His
redemption. Why shouldn’t we experience heartbreak? Through those
doorways God is opening up ways of fellowship with His Son. Most of us
collapse at the first grip of pain. We sit down at the door of God’s
purpose and enter a slow death through self-pity. And all the so-
called Christian sympathy of others helps us to our deathbed. But God
will not. He comes with the grip of the pierced hand of His Son, as if
to say, “Enter into fellowship with Me; arise and shine.” If God can
accomplish His purposes in this world through a broken heart, then why
not thank Him for breaking yours?

By Oswald Chambers

