http://utmost.org/have-you-ever-been-alone-with-god-1/

Have You Ever Been Alone with God? (1)

When they were alone, He explained all things to His disciples. —Mark
4:34

Our Solitude with Him. Jesus doesn’t take us aside and explain things
to us all the time; He explains things to us as we are able to
understand them. The lives of others are examples for us, but God
requires us to examine our own souls. It is slow work— so slow that it
takes God all of time and eternity to make a man or woman conform to
His purpose. We can only be used by God after we allow Him to show us
the deep, hidden areas of our own character. It is astounding how
ignorant we are about ourselves! We don’t even recognize the envy,
laziness, or pride within us when we see it. But Jesus will reveal to
us everything we have held within ourselves before His grace began to
work. How many of us have learned to look inwardly with courage?

We have to get rid of the idea that we understand ourselves. That is
always the last bit of pride to go. The only One who understands us is
God. The greatest curse in our spiritual life is pride. If we have
ever had a glimpse of what we are like in the sight of God, we will
never say, “Oh, I’m so unworthy.” We will understand that this goes
without saying. But as long as there is any doubt that we are
unworthy, God will continue to close us in until He gets us alone.
Whenever there is any element of pride or conceit remaining, Jesus
can’t teach us anything. He will allow us to experience heartbreak or
the disappointment we feel when our intellectual pride is wounded. He
will reveal numerous misplaced affections or desires— things over
which we never thought He would have to get us alone. Many things are
shown to us, often without effect. But when God gets us alone over
them, they will be clear.

By Oswald Chambers

