http://utmost.org/suffering-afflictions-and-going-the-second-mile/

Suffering Afflictions and Going the Second Mile

I tell you not to resist an evil person. But whoever slaps you on your
right cheek, turn the other to him also. —Matthew 5:39

This verse reveals the humiliation of being a Christian. In the
natural realm, if a person does not hit back, it is because he is a
coward. But in the spiritual realm, it is the very evidence of the Son
of God in him if he does not hit back. When you are insulted, you must
not only not resent it, but you must make it an opportunity to exhibit
the Son of God in your life. And you cannot imitate the nature of
Jesus— it is either in you or it is not. A personal insult becomes an
opportunity for a saint to reveal the incredible sweetness of the Lord
Jesus.

The teaching of the Sermon on the Mount is not, “Do your duty,” but
is, in effect, “Do what is not your duty.” It is not your duty to go
the second mile, or to turn the other cheek, but Jesus said that if we
are His disciples, we will always do these things. We will not say,
“Oh well, I just can’t do any more, and I’ve been so misrepresented
and misunderstood.” Every time I insist on having my own rights, I
hurt the Son of God, while in fact I can prevent Jesus from being hurt
if I will take the blow myself. That is the real meaning of filling
“up in my flesh what is lacking in the afflictions of Christ…”
(Colossians 1:24). A disciple realizes that it is his Lord’s honor
that is at stake in his life, not his own honor.

Never look for righteousness in the other person, but never cease to
be righteous yourself. We are always looking for justice, yet the
essence of the teaching of the Sermon on the Mount is— Never look for
justice, but never cease to give it.

By Oswald Chambers

