http://utmost.org/the-focus-of-our-message/

The Focus Of Our Message

I did not come to bring peace but a sword. —Matthew 10:34

Never be sympathetic with a person whose situation causes you to
conclude that God is dealing harshly with him. God can be more tender
than we can conceive, and every once in a while He gives us the
opportunity to deal firmly with someone so that He may be viewed as
the tender One. If a person cannot go to God, it is because he has
something secret which he does not intend to give up— he may admit his
sin, but would no more give up that thing than he could fly under his
own power. It is impossible to deal sympathetically with people like
that. We must reach down deep in their lives to the root of the
problem, which will cause hostility and resentment toward the message.
People want the blessing of God, but they can’t stand something that
pierces right through to the heart of the matter.

If you are sensitive to God’s way, your message as His servant will be
merciless and insistent, cutting to the very root. Otherwise, there
will be no healing. We must drive the message home so forcefully that
a person cannot possibly hide, but must apply its truth. Deal with
people where they are, until they begin to realize their true need.
Then hold high the standard of Jesus for their lives. Their response
may be, “We can never be that.” Then drive it home with, “Jesus Christ
says you must.” “But how can we be?” “You can’t, unless you have a new
Spirit” (see Luke 11:13).

There must be a sense of need created before your message is of any
use. Thousands of people in this world profess to be happy without
God. But if we could be truly happy and moral without Jesus, then why
did He come? He came because that kind of happiness and peace is only
superficial. Jesus Christ came to “bring…a sword” through every kind
of peace that is not based on a personal relationship with Himself.

By Oswald Chambers

