http://utmost.org/what-to-do-when-your-burden-is-overwhelming/

What To Do When Your Burden Is Overwhelming

Cast your burden on the Lord… —Psalm 55:22

We must recognize the difference between burdens that are right for us
to bear and burdens that are wrong. We should never bear the burdens
of sin or doubt, but there are some burdens placed on us by God which
He does not intend to lift off. God wants us to roll them back on Him—
to literally “cast your burden,” which He has given you, “on the
Lord….” If we set out to serve God and do His work but get out of
touch with Him, the sense of responsibility we feel will be
overwhelming and defeating. But if we will only roll back on God the
burdens He has placed on us, He will take away that immense feeling of
responsibility, replacing it with an awareness and understanding of
Himself and His presence.

Many servants set out to serve God with great courage and with the
right motives. But with no intimate fellowship with Jesus Christ, they
are soon defeated. They do not know what to do with their burden, and
it produces weariness in their lives. Others will see this and say,
“What a sad end to something that had such a great beginning!”

“Cast your burden on the Lord….” You have been bearing it all, but you
need to deliberately place one end on God’s shoulder. “…the government
will be upon His shoulder” (Isaiah 9:6). Commit to God whatever burden
He has placed on you. Don’t just cast it aside, but put it over onto
Him and place yourself there with it. You will see that your burden is
then lightened by the sense of companionship. But you should never try
to separate yourself from your burden.

By Oswald Chambers

