https://utmost.org/impulsiveness-or-discipleship/

Impulsiveness or Discipleship?

But you, beloved, building yourselves up on your most holy faith…
—Jude 20

There was nothing of the nature of impulsive or thoughtless action
about our Lord, but only a calm strength that never got into a panic.
Most of us develop our Christianity along the lines of our own nature,
not along the lines of God’s nature. Impulsiveness is a trait of the
natural life, and our Lord always ignores it, because it hinders the
development of the life of a disciple. Watch how the Spirit of God
gives a sense of restraint to impulsiveness, suddenly bringing us a
feeling of self-conscious foolishness, which makes us instantly want
to vindicate ourselves. Impulsiveness is all right in a child, but is
disastrous in a man or woman— an impulsive adult is always a spoiled
person. Impulsiveness needs to be trained into intuition through
discipline.

Discipleship is built entirely on the supernatural grace of God.
Walking on water is easy to someone with impulsive boldness, but
walking on dry land as a disciple of Jesus Christ is something
altogether different. Peter walked on the water to go to Jesus, but he
“followed Him at a distance” on dry land (Mark 14:54). We do not need
the grace of God to withstand crises— human nature and pride are
sufficient for us to face the stress and strain magnificently. But it
does require the supernatural grace of God to live twenty-four hours
of every day as a saint, going through drudgery, and living an
ordinary, unnoticed, and ignored existence as a disciple of Jesus. It
is ingrained in us that we have to do exceptional things for God— but
we do not. We have to be exceptional in the ordinary things of life,
and holy on the ordinary streets, among ordinary people— and this is
not learned in five minutes.

By Oswald Chambers

