http://utmost.org/the-eternal-goal/

The Eternal Goal

By Myself I have sworn, says the Lord, because you have done this
thing…I will bless you… —Genesis 22:16-17

Abraham, at this point, has reached where he is in touch with the very
nature of God. He now understands the reality of God.

My goal is God Himself… At any cost, dear Lord, by any road.

“At any cost…by any road” means submitting to God’s way of bringing us
to the goal.

There is no possibility of questioning God when He speaks, if He
speaks to His own nature in me. Prompt obedience is the only result.
When Jesus says, “Come,” I simply come; when He says, “Let go,” I let
go; when He says, “Trust God in this matter,” I trust. This work of
obedience is the evidence that the nature of God is in me.

God’s revelation of Himself to me is influenced by my character, not
by God’s character.

’Tis because I am ordinary, Thy ways so often look ordinary to me.

It is through the discipline of obedience that I get to the place
where Abraham was and I see who God is. God will never be real to me
until I come face to face with Him in Jesus Christ. Then I will know
and can boldly proclaim, “In all the world, my God, there is none but
Thee, there is none but Thee.”

The promises of God are of no value to us until, through obedience, we
come to understand the nature of God. We may read some things in the
Bible every day for a year and they may mean nothing to us. Then,
because we have been obedient to God in some small detail, we suddenly
see what God means and His nature is instantly opened up to us. “All
the promises of God in Him are Yes, and in Him Amen…” (2 Corinthians
1:20). Our “Yes” must be born of obedience; when by obedience we
ratify a promise of God by saying, “Amen,” or, “So be it.” That
promise becomes ours.

By Oswald Chambers

