http://utmost.org/the-life-to-know-him/

The Life To Know Him

…tarry in the city of Jerusalem until you are endued with power from
on high. —Luke 24:49

The disciples had to tarry, staying in Jerusalem until the day of
Pentecost, not only for their own preparation but because they had to
wait until the Lord was actually glorified. And as soon as He was
glorified, what happened? “Therefore being exalted to the right hand
of God, and having received from the Father the promise of the Holy
Spirit, He poured out this which you now see and hear” (Acts 2:33).
The statement in John 7:39— “…for the Holy Spirit was not yet given,
because Jesus was not yet glorified”— does not pertain to us. The Holy
Spirit has been given; the Lord is glorified— our waiting is not
dependent on the providence of God, but on our own spiritual fitness.

The Holy Spirit’s influence and power were at work before Pentecost,
but He was not here. Once our Lord was glorified in His ascension, the
Holy Spirit came into the world, and He has been here ever since. We
have to receive the revealed truth that He is here. The attitude of
receiving and welcoming the Holy Spirit into our lives is to be the
continual attitude of a believer. When we receive the Holy Spirit, we
receive reviving life from our ascended Lord.

It is not the baptism of the Holy Spirit that changes people, but the
power of the ascended Christ coming into their lives through the Holy
Spirit. We all too often separate things that the New Testament never
separates. The baptism of the Holy Spirit is not an experience apart
from Jesus Christ— it is the evidence of the ascended Christ.

The baptism of the Holy Spirit does not make you think of time or
eternity— it is one amazing glorious now. “This is eternal life, that
they may know You…” (John 17:3). Begin to know Him now, and never
finish.

By Oswald Chambers

