http://utmost.org/yes%E2%80%94-but/

Yes—But…!

Lord, I will follow You, but... —Luke 9:61

Suppose God tells you to do something that is an enormous test of your
common sense, totally going against it. What will you do? Will you
hold back? If you get into the habit of doing something physically,
you will do it every time you are tested until you break the habit
through sheer determination. And the same is true spiritually. Again
and again you will come right up to what Jesus wants, but every time
you will turn back at the true point of testing, until you are
determined to abandon yourself to God in total surrender. Yet we tend
to say, “Yes, but— suppose I do obey God in this matter, what about…?”
Or we say, “Yes, I will obey God if what He asks of me doesn’t go
against my common sense, but don’t ask me to take a step in the dark.”

Jesus Christ demands the same unrestrained, adventurous spirit in
those who have placed their trust in Him that the natural man
exhibits. If a person is ever going to do anything worthwhile, there
will be times when he must risk everything by his leap in the dark. In
the spiritual realm, Jesus Christ demands that you risk everything you
hold on to or believe through common sense, and leap by faith into
what He says. Once you obey, you will immediately find that what He
says is as solidly consistent as common sense.

By the test of common sense, Jesus Christ’s statements may seem mad,
but when you test them by the trial of faith, your findings will fill
your spirit with the awesome fact that they are the very words of God.
Trust completely in God, and when He brings you to a new opportunity
of adventure, offering it to you, see that you take it. We act like
pagans in a crisis— only one out of an entire crowd is daring enough
to invest his faith in the character of God.

By Oswald Chambers

