http://utmost.org/the-master-will-judge/

The Master Will Judge

We must all appear before the judgment seat of Christ… —2 Corinthians
5:10

Paul says that we must all, preachers and other people alike, “appear
before the judgment seat of Christ.” But if you will learn here and
now to live under the scrutiny of Christ’s pure light, your final
judgment will bring you only delight in seeing the work God has done
in you. Live constantly reminding yourself of the judgment seat of
Christ, and walk in the knowledge of the holiness He has given you.
Tolerating a wrong attitude toward another person causes you to follow
the spirit of the devil, no matter how saintly you are. One carnal
judgment of another person only serves the purposes of hell in you.
Bring it immediately into the light and confess, “Oh, Lord, I have
been guilty there.” If you don’t, your heart will become hardened
through and through. One of the penalties of sin is our acceptance of
it. It is not only God who punishes for sin, but sin establishes
itself in the sinner and takes its toll. No struggling or praying will
enable you to stop doing certain things, and the penalty of sin is
that you gradually get used to it, until you finally come to the place
where you no longer even realize that it is sin. No power, except the
power that comes from being filled with the Holy Spirit, can change or
prevent the inherent consequences of sin.

“If we walk in the light as He is in the light…” (1 John 1:7). For
many of us, walking in the light means walking according to the
standard we have set up for another person. The deadliest attitude of
the Pharisees that we exhibit today is not hypocrisy but that which
comes from unconsciously living a lie.

By Oswald Chambers

