http://utmost.org/getting-there-1/

Getting There (1)

Come to Me… —Matthew 11:28

Where sin and sorrow stops, and the song of the saint starts. Do I
really want to get there? I can right now. The questions that truly
matter in life are remarkably few, and they are all answered by these
words— “Come to Me.” Our Lord’s words are not, “Do this, or don’t do
that,” but— “Come to me.” If I will simply come to Jesus, my real life
will be brought into harmony with my real desires. I will actually
cease from sin, and will find the song of the Lord beginning in my
life.

Have you ever come to Jesus? Look at the stubbornness of your heart.
You would rather do anything than this one simple childlike thing—
“Come to Me.” If you really want to experience ceasing from sin, you
must come to Jesus.

Jesus Christ makes Himself the test to determine your genuineness.
Look how He used the word come. At the most unexpected moments in your
life there is this whisper of the Lord— “Come to Me,” and you are
immediately drawn to Him. Personal contact with Jesus changes
everything. Be “foolish” enough to come and commit yourself to what He
says. The attitude necessary for you to come to Him is one where your
will has made the determination to let go of everything and
deliberately commit it all to Him.

“…and I will give you rest”— that is, “I will sustain you, causing you
to stand firm.” He is not saying, “I will put you to bed, hold your
hand, and sing you to sleep.” But, in essence, He is saying, “I will
get you out of bed— out of your listlessness and exhaustion, and out
of your condition of being half dead while you are still alive. I will
penetrate you with the spirit of life, and you will be sustained by
the perfection of vital activity.” Yet we become so weak and pitiful
and talk about “suffering” the will of the Lord! Where is the majestic
vitality and the power of the Son of God in that?

By Oswald Chambers

