https://utmost.org/becoming-the-filth-of-the-world/

Becoming the “Filth of the World”

We have been made as the filth of the world… —1 Corinthians 4:13

These words are not an exaggeration. The only reason they may not be
true of us who call ourselves ministers of the gospel is not that Paul
forgot or misunderstood the exact truth of them, but that we are too
cautious and concerned about our own desires to allow ourselves to
become the refuse or “filth of the world.” “Fill up in my flesh what
is lacking in the afflictions of Christ…” (Colossians 1:24) is not the
result of the holiness of sanctification, but the evidence of
consecration— being “separated to the gospel of God…” (Romans 1:1).

“Beloved, do not think it strange concerning the fiery trial which is
to try you…” (1 Peter 4:12). If we do think the things we encounter
are strange, it is because we are fearful and cowardly. We pay such
close attention to our own interests and desires that we stay out of
the mire and say, “I won’t submit; I won’t bow or bend.” And you don’t
have to— you can be saved by the “skin of your teeth” if you like. You
can refuse to let God count you as one who is “separated to the
gospel….” Or you can say, “I don’t care if I am treated like ‘the
filth of the world’ as long as the gospel is proclaimed.” A true
servant of Jesus Christ is one who is willing to experience martyrdom
for the reality of the gospel of God. When a moral person is
confronted with contempt, immorality, disloyalty, or dishonesty, he is
so repulsed by the offense that he turns away and in despair closes
his heart to the offender. But the miracle of the redemptive reality
of God is that the worst and the vilest offender can never exhaust the
depths of His love. Paul did not say that God separated him to show
what a wonderful man He could make of him, but “to reveal His Son in
me…” (Galatians 1:16).

By Oswald Chambers

