http://utmost.org/what%E2%80%99s-next-to-do/

What’s Next To Do?

If you know these things, blessed are you if you do them. —John 13:17

Be determined to know more than others. If you yourself do not cut the
lines that tie you to the dock, God will have to use a storm to sever
them and to send you out to sea. Put everything in your life afloat
upon God, going out to sea on the great swelling tide of His purpose,
and your eyes will be opened. If you believe in Jesus, you are not to
spend all your time in the calm waters just inside the harbor, full of
joy, but always tied to the dock. You have to get out past the harbor
into the great depths of God, and begin to know things for yourself—
begin to have spiritual discernment.

When you know that you should do something and you do it, immediately
you know more. Examine where you have become sluggish, where you began
losing interest spiritually, and you will find that it goes back to a
point where you did not do something you knew you should do. You did
not do it because there seemed to be no immediate call to do it. But
now you have no insight or discernment, and at a time of crisis you
are spiritually distracted instead of spiritually self-controlled. It
is a dangerous thing to refuse to continue learning and knowing more.

The counterfeit of obedience is a state of mind in which you create
your own opportunities to sacrifice yourself, and your zeal and
enthusiasm are mistaken for discernment. It is easier to sacrifice
yourself than to fulfill your spiritual destiny, which is stated in
Romans 12:1-2. It is much better to fulfill the purpose of God in your
life by discerning His will than it is to perform great acts of self-
sacrifice. “Behold, to obey is better than sacrifice…” (1 Samuel
15:22). Beware of paying attention or going back to what you once
were, when God wants you to be something that you have never been. “If
anyone wills to do His will, he shall know…” (John 7:17).

By Oswald Chambers

