http://utmost.org/the-drawing-of-the-father/

The Drawing of the Father

No one can come to Me unless the Father who sent Me draws him… —John
6:44

When God begins to draw me to Himself, the problem of my will comes in
immediately. Will I react positively to the truth that God has
revealed? Will I come to Him? To discuss or deliberate over spiritual
matters when God calls is inappropriate and disrespectful to Him. When
God speaks, never discuss it with anyone as if to decide what your
response may be (see Galatians 1:15-16). Belief is not the result of
an intellectual act, but the result of an act of my will whereby I
deliberately commit myself. But will I commit, placing myself
completely and absolutely on God, and be willing to act solely on what
He says? If I will, I will find that I am grounded on reality as
certain as God’s throne.

In preaching the gospel, always focus on the matter of the will.
Belief must come from the will to believe. There must be a surrender
of the will, not a surrender to a persuasive or powerful argument. I
must deliberately step out, placing my faith in God and in His truth.
And I must place no confidence in my own works, but only in God.
Trusting in my own mental understanding becomes a hindrance to
complete trust in God. I must be willing to ignore and leave my
feelings behind. I must will to believe. But this can never be
accomplished without my forceful, determined effort to separate myself
from my old ways of looking at things. I must surrender myself
completely to God.

Everyone has been created with the ability to reach out beyond his own
grasp. But it is God who draws me, and my relationship to Him in the
first place is an inner, personal one, not an intellectual one. I come
into the relationship through the miracle of God and through my own
will to believe. Then I begin to get an intelligent appreciation and
understanding of the wonder of the transformation in my life.

By Oswald Chambers

