https://utmost.org/his-agony-and-our-access/

His Agony and Our Access

Jesus came with them to a place called Gethsemane, and said to the
disciples…."Stay here and watch with Me." —Matthew 26:36, 38

We can never fully comprehend Christ’s agony in the Garden of
Gethsemane, but at least we don’t have to misunderstand it. It is the
agony of God and man in one Person, coming face to face with sin. We
cannot learn about Gethsemane through personal experience. Gethsemane
and Calvary represent something totally unique— they are the gateway
into life for us.

It was not death on the cross that Jesus agonized over in Gethsemane.
In fact, He stated very emphatically that He came with the purpose of
dying. His concern here was that He might not get through this
struggle as the Son of Man. He was confident of getting through it as
the Son of God— Satan could not touch Him there. But Satan’s assault
was that our Lord would come through for us on His own solely as the
Son of Man. If Jesus had done that, He could not have been our Savior
(see Hebrews 9:11-15). Read the record of His agony in Gethsemane in
light of His earlier wilderness temptation— “…the devil…departed from
Him until an opportune time” (Luke 4:13). In Gethsemane, Satan came
back and was overthrown again. Satan’s final assault against our Lord
as the Son of Man was in Gethsemane.

The agony in Gethsemane was the agony of the Son of God in fulfilling
His destiny as the Savior of the world. The veil is pulled back here
to reveal all that it cost Him to make it possible for us to become
sons of God. His agony was the basis for the simplicity of our
salvation. The Cross of Christ was a triumph for the Son of Man. It
was not only a sign that our Lord had triumphed, but that He had
triumphed to save the human race. Because of what the Son of Man went
through, every human being has been provided with a way of access into
the very presence of God.

By Oswald Chambers

