http://utmost.org/the-life-of-power-to-follow/

The Life of Power to Follow

Jesus answered him, "Where I am going you cannot follow Me now, but
you shall follow Me afterward." —John 13:36

“And when He had spoken this, He said to him, ‘Follow Me’ ” (John
21:19). Three years earlier Jesus had said, “Follow Me” (Matthew
4:19), and Peter followed with no hesitation. The irresistible
attraction of Jesus was upon him and he did not need the Holy Spirit
to help him do it. Later he came to the place where he denied Jesus,
and his heart broke. Then he received the Holy Spirit and Jesus said
again, “Follow Me” (John 21:19). Now no one is in front of Peter
except the Lord Jesus Christ. The first “Follow Me” was nothing
mysterious; it was an external following. Jesus is now asking for an
internal sacrifice and yielding (see John 21:18).

Between these two times Peter denied Jesus with oaths and curses
(see Matthew 26:69-75). But then he came completely to the end of
himself and all of his self-sufficiency. There was no part of himself
he would ever rely on again. In his state of destitution, he was
finally ready to receive all that the risen Lord had for him. “…He
breathed on them, and said to them, ‘Receive the Holy Spirit’ ” (John
20:22). No matter what changes God has performed in you, never rely on
them. Build only on a Person, the Lord Jesus Christ, and on the Spirit
He gives.

All our promises and resolutions end in denial because we have no
power to accomplish them. When we come to the end of ourselves, not
just mentally but completely, we are able to “receive the Holy
Spirit.” “Receive the Holy Spirit” — the idea is that of invasion.
There is now only One who directs the course of your life, the Lord
Jesus Christ.

By Oswald Chambers

