http://utmost.org/and-every-virtue-we-possess/

“And Every Virtue We Possess”

…All my springs are in you. —Psalm 87:7

Our Lord never “patches up” our natural virtues, that is, our natural
traits, qualities, or characteristics. He completely remakes a person
on the inside— “…put on the new man…” (Ephesians 4:24). In other
words, see that your natural human life is putting on all that is in
keeping with the new life. The life God places within us develops its
own new virtues, not the virtues of the seed of Adam, but of Jesus
Christ. Once God has begun the process of sanctification in your life,
watch and see how God causes your confidence in your own natural
virtues and power to wither away. He will continue until you learn to
draw your life from the reservoir of the resurrection life of Jesus.
Thank God if you are going through this drying-up experience!

The sign that God is at work in us is that He is destroying our
confidence in the natural virtues, because they are not promises of
what we are going to be, but only a wasted reminder of what God
created man to be. We want to cling to our natural virtues, while all
the time God is trying to get us in contact with the life of Jesus
Christ— a life that can never be described in terms of natural
virtues. It is the saddest thing to see people who are trying to serve
God depending on that which the grace of God never gave them. They are
depending solely on what they have by virtue of heredity. God does not
take our natural virtues and transform them, because our natural
virtues could never even come close to what Jesus Christ wants. No
natural love, no natural patience, no natural purity can ever come up
to His demands. But as we bring every part of our natural bodily life
into harmony with the new life God has placed within us, He will
exhibit in us the virtues that were characteristic of the Lord Jesus.

And every virtue we possess Is His alone.

By Oswald Chambers

