http://utmost.org/the-missionary%E2%80%99s-master-and-teacher/

The Missionary’s Master and Teacher

You call Me Teacher and Lord, and you say well, for so I am ….I say to
you, a servant is not greater than his master… —John 13:13, 16

To have a master and teacher is not the same thing as being mastered
and taught. Having a master and teacher means that there is someone
who knows me better than I know myself, who is closer than a friend,
and who understands the remotest depths of my heart and is able to
satisfy them fully. It means having someone who has made me secure in
the knowledge that he has met and solved all the doubts,
uncertainties, and problems in my mind. To have a master and teacher
is this and nothing less— “…for One is your Teacher, the Christ…”
(Matthew 23:8).

Our Lord never takes measures to make me do what He wants. Sometimes I
wish God would master and control me to make me do what He wants, but
He will not. And at other times I wish He would leave me alone, and He
does not.

“You call Me Teacher and Lord…”— but is He? Teacher, Master, and Lord
have little place in our vocabulary. We prefer the words Savior,
Sanctifier, and Healer. The only word that truly describes the
experience of being mastered is love, and we know little about love as
God reveals it in His Word. The way we use the word obey is proof of
this. In the Bible, obedience is based on a relationship between
equals; for example, that of a son with his father. Our Lord was not
simply God’s servant— He was His Son. “…though He was a Son, yet He
learned obedience…” (Hebrews 5:8). If we are consciously aware that we
are being mastered, that idea itself is proof that we have no master.
If that is our attitude toward Jesus, we are far away from having the
relationship He wants with us. He wants us in a relationship where He
is so easily our Master and Teacher that we have no conscious
awareness of it— a relationship where all we know is that we are His
to obey.

By Oswald Chambers

