https://utmost.org/the-dilemma-of-obedience/

The Dilemma of Obedience

Samuel was afraid to tell Eli the vision. —1 Samuel 3:15

God never speaks to us in dramatic ways, but in ways that are easy to
misunderstand. Then we say, “I wonder if that is God’s voice?” Isaiah
said that the Lord spoke to him “with a strong hand,” that is, by the
pressure of his circumstances (Isaiah 8:11). Without the sovereign
hand of God Himself, nothing touches our lives. Do we discern His hand
at work, or do we see things as mere occurrences?

Get into the habit of saying, “Speak, Lord,” and life will become a
romance (1 Samuel 3:9). Every time circumstances press in on you, say,
“Speak, Lord,” and make time to listen. Chastening is more than a
means of discipline— it is meant to bring me to the point of saying,
“Speak, Lord.” Think back to a time when God spoke to you. Do you
remember what He said? Was it Luke 11:13, or was it 1 Thessalonians
5:23? As we listen, our ears become more sensitive, and like Jesus, we
will hear God all the time.

Should I tell my “Eli” what God has shown to me? This is where the
dilemma of obedience hits us. We disobey God by becoming amateur
providences and thinking, “I must shield ‘Eli,’ ” who represents the
best people we know. God did not tell Samuel to tell Eli— he had to
decide that for himself. God’s message to you may hurt your “Eli,” but
trying to prevent suffering in another’s life will prove to be an
obstruction between your soul and God. It is at your own risk that you
prevent someone’s right hand being cut off or right eye being plucked
out (see Matthew 5:29-30).

Never ask another person’s advice about anything God makes you decide
before Him. If you ask advice, you will almost always side with Satan.
“…I did not immediately confer with flesh and blood…” (Galatians
1:16).

By Oswald Chambers

