http://utmost.org/do-it-yourself-1/

Do It Yourself (1)

…casting down arguments and every high thing that exalts itself
against the knowledge of God… —2 Corinthians 10:5

Determinedly Demolish Some Things. Deliverance from sin is not the
same as deliverance from human nature. There are things in human
nature, such as prejudices, that the saint can only destroy through
sheer neglect. But there are other things that have to be destroyed
through violence, that is, through God’s divine strength imparted by
His Spirit. There are some things over which we are not to fight, but
only to “stand still, and see the salvation of the Lord…” (see Exodus
14:13). But every theory or thought that raises itself up as a
fortified barrier “against the knowledge of God” is to be determinedly
demolished by drawing on God’s power, not through human effort or by
compromise (see 2 Corinthians 10:4).

It is only when God has transformed our nature and we have entered
into the experience of sanctification that the fight begins. The
warfare is not against sin; we can never fight against sin— Jesus
Christ conquered that in His redemption of us. The conflict is waged
over turning our natural life into a spiritual life. This is never
done easily, nor does God intend that it be so. It is accomplished
only through a series of moral choices. God does not make us holy in
the sense that He makes our character holy. He makes us holy in the
sense that He has made us innocent before Him. And then we have to
turn that innocence into holy character through the moral choices we
make. These choices are continually opposed and hostile to the things
of our natural life which have become so deeply entrenched— the very
things that raise themselves up as fortified barriers “against the
knowledge of God.” We can either turn back, making ourselves of no
value to the kingdom of God, or we can determinedly demolish these
things, allowing Jesus to bring another son to glory (see Hebrews
2:10).

By Oswald Chambers

