http://utmost.org/the-overshadowing-of-god%E2%80%99s-personal-
deliverance/

The Overshadowing of God’s Personal Deliverance

"…I am with you to deliver you," says the Lord. —Jeremiah 1:8

God promised Jeremiah that He would deliver him personally— “…your
life shall be as a prize to you…” (Jeremiah 39:18). That is all God
promises His children. Wherever God sends us, He will guard our lives.
Our personal property and possessions are to be a matter of
indifference to us, and our hold on these things should be very loose.
If this is not the case, we will have panic, heartache, and distress.
Having the proper outlook is evidence of the deeply rooted belief in
the overshadowing of God’s personal deliverance.

The Sermon on the Mount indicates that when we are on a mission for
Jesus Christ, there is no time to stand up for ourselves. Jesus says,
in effect, “Don’t worry about whether or not you are being treated
justly.” Looking for justice is actually a sign that we have been
diverted from our devotion to Him. Never look for justice in this
world, but never cease to give it. If we look for justice, we will
only begin to complain and to indulge ourselves in the discontent of
self-pity, as if to say, “Why should I be treated like this?” If we
are devoted to Jesus Christ, we have nothing to do with what we
encounter, whether it is just or unjust. In essence, Jesus says,
“Continue steadily on with what I have told you to do, and I will
guard your life. If you try to guard it yourself, you remove yourself
from My deliverance.” Even the most devout among us become atheistic
in this regard— we do not believe Him. We put our common sense on the
throne and then attach God’s name to it. We do lean to our own
understanding, instead of trusting God with all our hearts
(see Proverbs 3:5-6).

By Oswald Chambers

