http://utmost.org/the-hidden-life/

The Hidden Life

…your life is hidden with Christ in God. —Colossians 3:3

The Spirit of God testifies to and confirms the simple, but almighty,
security of the life that “is hidden with Christ in God.” Paul
continually brought this out in his New Testament letters. We talk as
if living a sanctified life were the most uncertain and insecure thing
we could do. Yet it is the most secure thing possible, because it has
Almighty God in and behind it. The most dangerous and unsure thing is
to try to live without God. For one who is born again, it is easier to
live in a right-standing relationship with God than it is to go wrong,
provided we heed God’s warnings and “walk in the light” (1 John 1:7).

When we think of being delivered from sin, being “filled with the
Spirit” (Ephesians 5:18), and “walk[ing] in the light,” we picture the
peak of a great mountain. We see it as very high and wonderful, but we
say, “Oh, I could never live up there!” However, when we do get there
through God’s grace, we find it is not a mountain peak at all, but a
plateau with plenty of room to live and to grow. “You enlarged my path
under me, so my feet did not slip” (Psalm 18:36).

When you really see Jesus, I defy you to doubt Him. If you see Him
when He says, “Let not your heart be troubled…” (John 14:27), I defy
you to worry. It is virtually impossible to doubt when He is there.
Every time you are in personal contact with Jesus, His words are real
to you. “My peace I give to you…” (John 14:27)— a peace which brings
an unconstrained confidence and covers you completely, from the top of
your head to the soles of your feet. “…your life is hidden with Christ
in God,” and the peace of Jesus Christ that cannot be disturbed has
been imparted to you.

By Oswald Chambers

