http://utmost.org/keep-recognizing-jesus/

Keep Recognizing Jesus

…Peter…walked on the water to go to Jesus. But when he saw that the
wind was boisterous, he was afraid… —Matthew 14:29-30

The wind really was boisterous and the waves really were high, but
Peter didn’t see them at first. He didn’t consider them at all; he
simply recognized his Lord, stepped out in recognition of Him, and
“walked on the water.” Then he began to take those things around him
into account, and instantly, down he went. Why couldn’t our Lord have
enabled him to walk at the bottom of the waves, as well as on top of
them? He could have, yet neither could be done without Peter’s
continuing recognition of the Lord Jesus.

We step right out with recognition of God in some things, then self-
consideration enters our lives and down we go. If you are truly
recognizing your Lord, you have no business being concerned about how
and where He engineers your circumstances. The things surrounding you
are real, but when you look at them you are immediately overwhelmed,
and even unable to recognize Jesus. Then comes His rebuke, “…why did
you doubt?” (Matthew 14:31). Let your actual circumstances be what
they may, but keep recognizing Jesus, maintaining complete reliance
upon Him.

If you debate for even one second when God has spoken, it is all over
for you. Never start to say, “Well, I wonder if He really did speak to
me?” Be reckless immediately— totally unrestrained and willing to risk
everything— by casting your all upon Him. You do not know when His
voice will come to you, but whenever the realization of God comes,
even in the faintest way imaginable, be determined to recklessly
abandon yourself, surrendering everything to Him. It is only through
abandonment of yourself and your circumstances that you will recognize
Him. You will only recognize His voice more clearly through
recklessness— being willing to risk your all.

By Oswald Chambers

