http://utmost.org/sanctification-2/

Sanctification (2)

But of Him you are in Christ Jesus, who became for us…sanctification…
—1 Corinthians 1:30

The Life Side. The mystery of sanctification is that the perfect
qualities of Jesus Christ are imparted as a gift to me, not gradually,
but instantly once I enter by faith into the realization that He
“became for [me]…sanctification….” Sanctification means nothing less
than the holiness of Jesus becoming mine and being exhibited in my
life.

The most wonderful secret of living a holy life does not lie in
imitating Jesus, but in letting the perfect qualities of Jesus exhibit
themselves in my human flesh. Sanctification is “Christ in you…”
(Colossians 1:27). It is His wonderful life that is imparted to me in
sanctification— imparted by faith as a sovereign gift of God’s grace.
Am I willing for God to make sanctification as real in me as it is in
His Word?

Sanctification means the impartation of the holy qualities of Jesus
Christ to me. It is the gift of His patience, love, holiness, faith,
purity, and godliness that is exhibited in and through every
sanctified soul. Sanctification is not drawing from Jesus the power to
be holy— it is drawing from Jesus the very holiness that was exhibited
in Him, and that He now exhibits in me. Sanctification is an
impartation, not an imitation. Imitation is something altogether
different. The perfection of everything is in Jesus Christ, and the
mystery of sanctification is that all the perfect qualities of Jesus
are at my disposal. Consequently, I slowly but surely begin to live a
life of inexpressible order, soundness, and holiness— “…kept by the
power of God…” (1 Peter 1:5).

By Oswald Chambers

