https://utmost.org/spiritual-vision-through-personal-purity-2/

Spiritual Vision Through Personal Character

Come up here, and I will show you things which must take place…
—Revelation 4:1

A higher state of mind and spiritual vision can only be achieved
through the higher practice of personal character. If you live up to
the highest and best that you know in the outer level of your life,
God will continually say to you, “Friend, come up even higher.” There
is also a continuing rule in temptation which calls you to go higher;
but when you do, you only encounter other temptations and character
traits. Both God and Satan use the strategy of elevation, but Satan
uses it in temptation, and the effect is quite different. When the
devil elevates you to a certain place, he causes you to fasten your
idea of what holiness is far beyond what flesh and blood could ever
bear or achieve. Your life becomes a spiritual acrobatic performance
high atop a steeple. You cling to it, trying to maintain your balance
and daring not to move. But when God elevates you by His grace into
heavenly places, you find a vast plateau where you can move about with
ease.

Compare this week in your spiritual life with the same week last year
to see how God has called you to a higher level. We have all been
brought to see from a higher viewpoint. Never allow God to show you a
truth which you do not instantly begin to live up to, applying it to
your life. Always work through it, staying in its light.

Your growth in grace is not measured by the fact that you haven’t
turned back, but that you have an insight and understanding into where
you are spiritually. Have you heard God say, “Come up higher,” not
audibly on the outer level, but to the innermost part of your
character?

“Shall I hide from Abraham what I am doing…?” (Genesis 18:17). God has
to hide from us what He does, until, due to the growth of our personal
character, we get to the level where He is then able to reveal it.

By Oswald Chambers

