http://utmost.org/prayer-in-the-father%E2%80%99s-house/

Prayer in the Father’s House

…they found Him in the temple….And He said to them, "…Did you not know
that I must be about My Father’s business?" —Luke 2:46, 49

Our Lord’s childhood was not immaturity waiting to grow into manhood—
His childhood is an eternal fact. Am I a holy, innocent child of God
as a result of my identification with my Lord and Savior? Do I look at
my life as being in my Father’s house? Is the Son of God living in His
Father’s house within me?

The only abiding reality is God Himself, and His order comes to me
moment by moment. Am I continually in touch with the reality of God,
or do I pray only when things have gone wrong— when there is some
disturbance in my life? I must learn to identify myself closely with
my Lord in ways of holy fellowship and oneness that some of us have
not yet even begun to learn. “…I must be about My Father’s business”—
and I must learn to live every moment of my life in my Father’s house.

Think about your own circumstances. Are you so closely identified with
the Lord’s life that you are simply a child of God, continually
talking to Him and realizing that everything comes from His hands? Is
the eternal Child in you living in His Father’s house? Is the grace of
His ministering life being worked out through you in your home, your
business, and in your circle of friends? Have you been wondering why
you are going through certain circumstances? In fact, it is not that
you have to go through them. It is because of your relationship with
the Son of God who comes, through the providential will of His Father,
into your life. You must allow Him to have His way with you, staying
in perfect oneness with Him.

The life of your Lord is to become your vital, simple life, and the
way He worked and lived among people while here on earth must be the
way He works and lives in you.

By Oswald Chambers

