https://utmost.org/identified-or-simply-interested/

Identified or Simply Interested?

I have been crucified with Christ… —Galatians 2:20

The inescapable spiritual need each of us has is the need to sign the
death certificate of our sin nature. I must take my emotional opinions
and intellectual beliefs and be willing to turn them into a moral
verdict against the nature of sin; that is, against any claim I have
to my right to myself. Paul said, “I have been crucified with
Christ….” He did not say, “I have made a determination to imitate
Jesus Christ,” or, “I will really make an effort to follow Him” —but—
“I have been identified with Him in His death.” Once I reach this
moral decision and act on it, all that Christ accomplished for me on
the Cross is accomplished in me. My unrestrained commitment of myself
to God gives the Holy Spirit the opportunity to grant to me the
holiness of Jesus Christ.

“…it is no longer I who live….” My individuality remains, but my
primary motivation for living and the nature that rules me are
radically changed. I have the same human body, but the old satanic
right to myself has been destroyed.

“…and the life which I now live in the flesh,” not the life which I
long to live or even pray that I live, but the life I now live in my
mortal flesh— the life which others can see, “I live by faith in the
Son of God….” This faith was not Paul’s own faith in Jesus Christ, but
the faith the Son of God had given to him (see Ephesians 2:8). It is
no longer a faith in faith, but a faith that transcends all imaginable
limits— a faith that comes only from the Son of God.

By Oswald Chambers

