http://utmost.org/the-evidence-of-the-new-birth/

The Evidence of the New Birth

You must be born again. —John 3:7

The answer to Nicodemus’ question, “How can a man be born when he is
old?” is: Only when he is willing to die to everything in his life,
including his rights, his virtues, and his religion, and becomes
willing to receive into himself a new life that he has never before
experienced (John 3:4). This new life exhibits itself in our conscious
repentance and through our unconscious holiness.

“But as many as received Him…” (John 1:12). Is my knowledge of Jesus
the result of my own internal spiritual perception, or is it only what
I have learned through listening to others? Is there something in my
life that unites me with the Lord Jesus as my personal Savior? My
spiritual history must have as its underlying foundation a personal
knowledge of Jesus Christ. To be born again means that I see Jesus.

“…unless one is born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God ” (John
3:3). Am I seeking only for the evidence of God’s kingdom, or am I
actually recognizing His absolute sovereign control? The new birth
gives me a new power of vision by which I begin to discern God’s
control. His sovereignty was there all the time, but with God being
true to His nature, I could not see it until I received His very
nature myself.

“Whoever has been born of God does not sin…” (1 John 3:9). Am I
seeking to stop sinning or have I actually stopped? To be born of God
means that I have His supernatural power to stop sinning. The Bible
never asks, “Should a Christian sin?” The Bible emphatically states
that a Christian must not sin. The work of the new birth is being
effective in us when we do not commit sin. It is not merely that we
have the power not to sin, but that we have actually stopped sinning.
Yet 1 John 3:9 does not mean that we cannot sin— it simply means that
if we will obey the life of God in us, that we do not have to sin.

By Oswald Chambers

