http://utmost.org/his-resurrection-destiny/

His Resurrection Destiny

Ought not the Christ to have suffered these things and to enter into
His glory? —Luke 24:26

Our Lord’s Cross is the gateway into His life. His resurrection means
that He has the power to convey His life to me. When I was born again,
I received the very life of the risen Lord from Jesus Himself.

Christ’s resurrection destiny— His foreordained purpose— was to bring
“many sons to glory” (Hebrews 2:10). The fulfilling of His destiny
gives Him the right to make us sons and daughters of God. We never
have exactly the same relationship to God that the Son of God has, but
we are brought by the Son into the relation of sonship. When our Lord
rose from the dead, He rose to an absolutely new life— a life He had
never lived before He was God Incarnate. He rose to a life that had
never been before. And what His resurrection means for us is that we
are raised to His risen life, not to our old life. One day we will
have a body like His glorious body, but we can know here and now the
power and effectiveness of His resurrection and can “walk in newness
of life” (Romans 6:4). Paul’s determined purpose was to “know Him and
the power of His resurrection” (Philippians 3:10).

Jesus prayed, “…as You have given Him authority over all flesh that He
should give eternal life to as many as You have given Him” (John
17:2). The term Holy Spirit is actually another name for the
experience of eternal life working in human beings here and now. The
Holy Spirit is the deity of God who continues to apply the power of
the atonement by the Cross of Christ to our lives. Thank God for the
glorious and majestic truth that His Spirit can work the very nature
of Jesus into us, if we will only obey Him.

By Oswald Chambers

