http://utmost.org/the-good-or-the-best/

The Good or The Best?

If you take the left, then I will go to the right; or, if you go to
the right, then I will go to the left. —Genesis 13:9

As soon as you begin to live the life of faith in God, fascinating and
physically gratifying possibilities will open up before you. These
things are yours by right, but if you are living the life of faith you
will exercise your right to waive your rights, and let God make your
choice for you. God sometimes allows you to get into a place of
testing where your own welfare would be the appropriate thing to
consider, if you were not living the life of faith. But if you are,
you will joyfully waive your right and allow God to make your choice
for you. This is the discipline God uses to transform the natural into
the spiritual through obedience to His voice.

Whenever our right becomes the guiding factor of our lives, it dulls
our spiritual insight. The greatest enemy of the life of faith in God
is not sin, but good choices which are not quite good enough. The good
is always the enemy of the best. In this passage, it would seem that
the wisest thing in the world for Abram to do would be to choose. It
was his right, and the people around him would consider him to be a
fool for not choosing.

Many of us do not continue to grow spiritually because we prefer to
choose on the basis of our rights, instead of relying on God to make
the choice for us. We have to learn to walk according to the standard
which has its eyes focused on God. And God says to us, as He did to
Abram, “…walk before Me…” (Genesis 17:1).

By Oswald Chambers

