http://utmost.org/untroubled-relationship/

Untroubled Relationship

In that day you will ask in My name…for the Father Himself loves you…
—John 16:26-27

“In that day you will ask in My name…,” that is, in My nature. Not
“You will use My name as some magic word,” but— “You will be so
intimate with Me that you will be one with Me.” “That day” is not a
day in the next life, but a day meant for here and now. “…for the
Father Himself loves you…”— the Father’s love is evidence that our
union with Jesus is complete and absolute. Our Lord does not mean that
our lives will be free from external difficulties and uncertainties,
but that just as He knew the Father’s heart and mind, we too can be
lifted by Him into heavenly places through the baptism of the Holy
Spirit, so that He can reveal the teachings of God to us.

“…whatever you ask the Father in My name…” (John 16:23). “That day” is
a day of peace and an untroubled relationship between God and His
saint. Just as Jesus stood unblemished and pure in the presence of His
Father, we too by the mighty power and effectiveness of the baptism of
the Holy Spirit can be lifted into that relationship— “…that they may
be one just as We are one…” (John 17:22).

“…He will give you” (John 16:23). Jesus said that because of His name
God will recognize and respond to our prayers. What a great challenge
and invitation— to pray in His name! Through the resurrection and
ascension power of Jesus, and through the Holy Spirit He has sent, we
can be lifted into such a relationship. Once in that wonderful
position, having been placed there by Jesus Christ, we can pray to God
in Jesus’ name— in His nature. This is a gift granted to us through
the Holy Spirit, and Jesus said, “…whatever you ask the Father in My
name He will give you.” The sovereign character of Jesus Christ is
tested and proved by His own statements.

By Oswald Chambers

