http://utmost.org/thinking-of-prayer-as-jesus-taught/

Thinking of Prayer as Jesus Taught

Pray without ceasing… —1 Thessalonians 5:17

Our thinking about prayer, whether right or wrong, is based on our own
mental conception of it. The correct concept is to think of prayer as
the breath in our lungs and the blood from our hearts. Our blood flows
and our breathing continues “without ceasing”; we are not even
conscious of it, but it never stops. And we are not always conscious
of Jesus keeping us in perfect oneness with God, but if we are obeying
Him, He always is. Prayer is not an exercise, it is the life of the
saint. Beware of anything that stops the offering up of prayer. “Pray
without ceasing…”— maintain the childlike habit of offering up prayer
in your heart to God all the time.

Jesus never mentioned unanswered prayer. He had the unlimited
certainty of knowing that prayer is always answered. Do we have
through the Spirit of God that inexpressible certainty that Jesus had
about prayer, or do we think of the times when it seemed that God did
not answer our prayer? Jesus said, “…everyone who asks receives…”
(Matthew 7:8). Yet we say, “But…, but….” God answers prayer in the
best way— not just sometimes, but every time. However, the evidence of
the answer in the area we want it may not always immediately follow.
Do we expect God to answer prayer?

The danger we have is that we want to water down what Jesus said to
make it mean something that aligns with our common sense. But if it
were only common sense, what He said would not even be worthwhile. The
things Jesus taught about prayer are supernatural truths He reveals to
us.

By Oswald Chambers

