https://utmost.org/the-undetected-sacredness-of-circumstances/

The Undetected Sacredness of Circumstances

We know that all things work together for good to those who love God…
—Romans 8:28

The circumstances of a saint’s life are ordained of God. In the life
of a saint there is no such thing as chance. God by His providence
brings you into circumstances that you can’t understand at all, but
the Spirit of God understands. God brings you to places, among people,
and into certain conditions to accomplish a definite purpose through
the intercession of the Spirit in you. Never put yourself in front of
your circumstances and say, “I’m going to be my own providence here; I
will watch this closely, or protect myself from that.” All your
circumstances are in the hand of God, and therefore you don’t ever
have to think they are unnatural or unique. Your part in intercessory
prayer is not to agonize over how to intercede, but to use the
everyday circumstances and people God puts around you by His
providence to bring them before His throne, and to allow the Spirit in
you the opportunity to intercede for them. In this way God is going to
touch the whole world with His saints.

Am I making the Holy Spirit’s work difficult by being vague and
unsure, or by trying to do His work for Him? I must do the human side
of intercession— utilizing the circumstances in which I find myself
and the people who surround me. I must keep my conscious life as a
sacred place for the Holy Spirit. Then as I lift different ones to God
through prayer, the Holy Spirit intercedes for them.

Your intercessions can never be mine, and my intercessions can never
be yours, “…but the Spirit Himself makes intercession” in each of our
lives (Romans 8:26). And without that intercession, the lives of
others would be left in poverty and in ruin.

By Oswald Chambers

