http://utmost.org/are-you-fresh-for-everything/

Are You Fresh for Everything?

Jesus answered and said to him, "Most assuredly, I say to you, unless
one is born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God." —John 3:3

Sometimes we are fresh and eager to attend a prayer meeting, but do we
feel that same freshness for such mundane tasks as polishing shoes?

Being born again by the Spirit is an unmistakable work of God, as
mysterious as the wind, and as surprising as God Himself. We don’t
know where it begins— it is hidden away in the depths of our soul.
Being born again from above is an enduring, perpetual, and eternal
beginning. It provides a freshness all the time in thinking, talking,
and living— a continual surprise of the life of God. Staleness is an
indication that something in our lives is out of step with God. We say
to ourselves, “I have to do this thing or it will never get done.”
That is the first sign of staleness. Do we feel fresh this very moment
or are we stale, frantically searching our minds for something to do?
Freshness is not the result of obedience; it comes from the Holy
Spirit. Obedience keeps us “in the light as He is in the light…” (1
John 1:7).

Jealously guard your relationship with God. Jesus prayed “that they
may be one just as We are one” — with nothing in between (John 17:22).
Keep your whole life continually open to Jesus Christ. Don’t pretend
to be open with Him. Are you drawing your life from any source other
than God Himself? If you are depending on something else as your
source of freshness and strength, you will not realize when His power
is gone.

Being born of the Spirit means much more than we usually think. It
gives us new vision and keeps us absolutely fresh for everything
through the never-ending supply of the life of God.

By Oswald Chambers

