http://utmost.org/will-to-be-faithful/

Will To Be Faithful

…choose for yourselves this day whom you will serve… —Joshua 24:15

A person’s will is embodied in the actions of the whole person. I
cannot give up my will— I must exercise it, putting it into action. I
must will to obey, and I must will to receive God’s Spirit. When God
gives me a vision of truth, there is never a question of what He will
do, but only of what I will do. The Lord has been placing in front of
each of us some big proposals and plans. The best thing to do is to
remember what you did before when you were touched by God. Recall the
moment when you were saved, or first recognized Jesus, or realized
some truth. It was easy then to yield your allegiance to God.
Immediately recall those moments each time the Spirit of God brings
some new proposal before you.

“…choose for yourselves this day whom you will serve….” Your choice
must be a deliberate determination— it is not something into which you
will automatically drift. And everything else in your life will be
held in temporary suspension until you make a decision. The proposal
is between you and God— do not “confer with flesh and blood” about it
(Galatians 1:16). With every new proposal, the people around us seem
to become more and more isolated, and that is where the tension
develops. God allows the opinion of His other saints to matter to you,
and yet you become less and less certain that others really understand
the step you are taking. You have no business trying to find out where
God is leading— the only thing God will explain to you is Himself.

Openly declare to Him, “I will be faithful.” But remember that as soon
as you choose to be faithful to Jesus Christ, “You are witnesses
against yourselves…” (Joshua 24:22). Don’t consult with other
Christians, but simply and freely declare before Him, “I will serve
You.” Will to be faithful— and give other people credit for being
faithful too.

By Oswald Chambers

