http://utmost.org/the-failure-to-pay-close-attention/

The Failure To Pay Close Attention

The high places were not removed from Israel. Nevertheless the heart
of Asa was loyal all his days. —2 Chronicles 15:17

Asa was not completely obedient in the outward, visible areas of his
life. He was obedient in what he considered the most important areas,
but he was not entirely right. Beware of ever thinking, “Oh, that
thing in my life doesn’t matter much.” The fact that it doesn’t matter
much to you may mean that it matters a great deal to God. Nothing
should be considered a trivial matter by a child of God. How much
longer are we going to prevent God from teaching us even one thing?
But He keeps trying to teach us and He never loses patience. You say,
“I know I am right with God”— yet the “high places” still remain in
your life. There is still an area of disobedience. Do you protest that
your heart is right with God, and yet there is something in your life
He causes you to doubt? Whenever God causes a doubt about something,
stop it immediately, no matter what it may be. Nothing in our lives is
a mere insignificant detail to God.

Are there some things regarding your physical or intellectual life to
which you have been paying no attention at all? If so, you may think
you are all correct in the important areas, but you are careless— you
are failing to concentrate or to focus properly. You no more need a
day off from spiritual concentration on matters in your life than your
heart needs a day off from beating. As you cannot take a day off
morally and remain moral, neither can you take a day off spiritually
and remain spiritual. God wants you to be entirely His, and it
requires paying close attention to keep yourself fit. It also takes a
tremendous amount of time. Yet some of us expect to rise above all of
our problems, going from one mountaintop experience to another, with
only a few minutes’ effort.

By Oswald Chambers

