http://utmost.org/yesterday/

Yesterday

You shall not go out with haste,…for the Lord will go before you, and
the God of Israel will be your rear guard. —Isaiah 52:12

Security from Yesterday. “…God requires an account of what is past”
(Ecclesiastes 3:15). At the end of the year we turn with eagerness to
all that God has for the future, and yet anxiety is apt to arise when
we remember our yesterdays. Our present enjoyment of God’s grace tends
to be lessened by the memory of yesterday’s sins and blunders. But God
is the God of our yesterdays, and He allows the memory of them to turn
the past into a ministry of spiritual growth for our future. God
reminds us of the past to protect us from a very shallow security in
the present.

Security for Tomorrow. “…the Lord will go before you….” This is a
gracious revelation— that God will send His forces out where we have
failed to do so. He will keep watch so that we will not be tripped up
again by the same failures, as would undoubtedly happen if He were not
our “rear guard.” And God’s hand reaches back to the past, settling
all the claims against our conscience.

Security for Today. “You shall not go out with haste….” As we go forth
into the coming year, let it not be in the haste of impetuous,
forgetful delight, nor with the quickness of impulsive
thoughtlessness. But let us go out with the patient power of knowing
that the God of Israel will go before us. Our yesterdays hold broken
and irreversible things for us. It is true that we have lost
opportunities that will never return, but God can transform this
destructive anxiety into a constructive thoughtfulness for the future.
Let the past rest, but let it rest in the sweet embrace of Christ.

Leave the broken, irreversible past in His hands, and step out into
the invincible future with Him.

By Oswald Chambers

