http://utmost.org/praying-to-god-in-secret/

Praying to God in Secret

When you pray, go into your room, and when you have shut your door,
pray to your Father who is in the secret place… —Matthew 6:6

The primary thought in the area of religion is— keep your eyes on God,
not on people. Your motivation should not be the desire to be known as
a praying person. Find an inner room in which to pray where no one
even knows you are praying, shut the door, and talk to God in secret.
Have no motivation other than to know your Father in heaven. It is
impossible to carry on your life as a disciple without definite times
of secret prayer.

“When you pray, do not use vain repetitions…” (Matthew 6:7). God does
not hear us because we pray earnestly— He hears us solely on the basis
of redemption. God is never impressed by our earnestness. Prayer is
not simply getting things from God— that is only the most elementary
kind of prayer. Prayer is coming into perfect fellowship and oneness
with God. If the Son of God has been formed in us through regeneration
(see Galatians 4:19), then He will continue to press on beyond our
common sense and will change our attitude about the things for which
we pray.

“Everyone who asks receives…” (Matthew 7:8). We pray religious
nonsense without even involving our will, and then we say that God did
not answer— but in reality we have never asked for anything. Jesus
said, “…you will ask what you desire…” (John 15:7). Asking means that
our will must be involved. Whenever Jesus talked about prayer, He
spoke with wonderful childlike simplicity. Then we respond with our
critical attitude, saying, “Yes, but even Jesus said that we must
ask.” But remember that we have to ask things of God that are in
keeping with the God whom Jesus Christ revealed.

By Oswald Chambers

