http://utmost.org/approved-to-god/

“Approved to God”

Be diligent to present yourself approved to God, a worker who does not
need to be ashamed, rightly dividing the word of truth. —2 Timothy
2:15

If you cannot express yourself well on each of your beliefs, work and
study until you can. If you don’t, other people may miss out on the
blessings that come from knowing the truth. Strive to re-express a
truth of God to yourself clearly and understandably, and God will use
that same explanation when you share it with someone else. But you
must be willing to go through God’s winepress where the grapes are
crushed. You must struggle, experiment, and rehearse your words to
express God’s truth clearly. Then the time will come when that very
expression will become God’s wine of strength to someone else. But if
you are not diligent and say, “I’m not going to study and struggle to
express this truth in my own words; I’ll just borrow my words from
someone else,” then the words will be of no value to you or to others.
Try to state to yourself what you believe to be the absolute truth of
God, and you will be allowing God the opportunity to pass it on
through you to someone else.

Always make it a practice to stir your own mind thoroughly to think
through what you have easily believed. Your position is not really
yours until you make it yours through suffering and study. The author
or speaker from whom you learn the most is not the one who teaches you
something you didn’t know before, but the one who helps you take a
truth with which you have quietly struggled, give it expression, and
speak it clearly and boldly.

By Oswald Chambers

