http://utmost.org/the-temple-of-the-holy-spirit/

“The Temple of the Holy Spirit”

…only in regard to the throne will I be greater than you. —Genesis
41:40

I am accountable to God for the way I control my body under His
authority. Paul said he did not “set aside the grace of God”— make it
ineffective (Galatians 2:21). The grace of God is absolute and
limitless, and the work of salvation through Jesus is complete and
finished forever. I am not being saved— I am saved. Salvation is as
eternal as God’s throne, but I must put to work or use what God has
placed within me. To “work out [my] own salvation” (Philippians 2:12)
means that I am responsible for using what He has given me. It also
means that I must exhibit in my own body the life of the Lord Jesus,
not mysteriously or secretly, but openly and boldly. “I discipline my
body and bring it into subjection . . .” (1 Corinthians 9:27). Every
Christian can have his body under absolute control for God. God has
given us the responsibility to rule over all “the temple of the Holy
Spirit,” including our thoughts and desires (1 Corinthians 6:19). We
are responsible for these, and we must never give way to improper
ones. But most of us are much more severe in our judgment of others
than we are in judging ourselves. We make excuses for things in
ourselves, while we condemn things in the lives of others simply
because we are not naturally inclined to do them.

Paul said, “I beseech you…that you present your bodies a living
sacrifice…” (Romans 12:1). What I must decide is whether or not I will
agree with my Lord and Master that my body will indeed be His temple.
Once I agree, all the rules, regulations, and requirements of the law
concerning the body are summed up for me in this revealed truth-my
body is “the temple of the Holy Spirit.”

By Oswald Chambers

