https://utmost.org/what-is-a-missionary/

What is a Missionary?

Jesus said to them again, "…As the Father has sent Me, I also send
you." —John 20:21

A missionary is someone sent by Jesus Christ just as He was sent by
God. The great controlling factor is not the needs of people, but the
command of Jesus. The source of our inspiration in our service for God
is behind us, not ahead of us. The tendency today is to put the
inspiration out in front— to sweep everything together in front of us
and make it conform to our definition of success. But in the New
Testament the inspiration is put behind us, and is the Lord Jesus
Himself. The goal is to be true to Him— to carry out His plans.

Personal attachment to the Lord Jesus and to His perspective is the
one thing that must not be overlooked. In missionary work the great
danger is that God’s call will be replaced by the needs of the people,
to the point that human sympathy for those needs will absolutely
overwhelm the meaning of being sent by Jesus. The needs are so
enormous, and the conditions so difficult, that every power of the
mind falters and fails. We tend to forget that the one great reason
underneath all missionary work is not primarily the elevation of the
people, their education, nor their needs, but is first and foremost
the command of Jesus Christ— “Go therefore and make disciples of all
the nations…” (Matthew 28:19).

When looking back on the lives of men and women of God, the tendency
is to say, “What wonderfully keen and intelligent wisdom they had, and
how perfectly they understood all that God wanted!” But the keen and
intelligent mind behind them was the mind of God, not human wisdom at
all. We give credit to human wisdom when we should give credit to the
divine guidance of God being exhibited through childlike people who
were “foolish” enough to trust God’s wisdom and His supernatural
equipment.

By Oswald Chambers

