http://utmost.org/complete-and-effective-divinity/

Complete and Effective Divinity

If we have been united together in the likeness of His death,
certainly we also shall be in the likeness of His resurrection…
—Romans 6:5

Co-Resurrection. The proof that I have experienced crucifixion with
Jesus is that I have a definite likeness to Him. The Spirit of Jesus
entering me rearranges my personal life before God. The resurrection
of Jesus has given Him the authority to give the life of God to me,
and the experiences of my life must now be built on the foundation of
His life. I can have the resurrection life of Jesus here and now, and
it will exhibit itself through holiness.

The idea all through the apostle Paul’s writings is that after the
decision to be identified with Jesus in His death has been made, the
resurrection life of Jesus penetrates every bit of my human nature. It
takes the omnipotence of God— His complete and effective divinity— to
live the life of the Son of God in human flesh. The Holy Spirit cannot
be accepted as a guest in merely one room of the house— He invades all
of it. And once I decide that my “old man” (that is, my heredity of
sin) should be identified with the death of Jesus, the Holy Spirit
invades me. He takes charge of everything. My part is to walk in the
light and to obey all that He reveals to me. Once I have made that
important decision about sin, it is easy to “reckon” that I am
actually “dead indeed to sin,” because I find the life of Jesus in me
all the time (Romans 6:11). Just as there is only one kind of
humanity, there is only one kind of holiness— the holiness of Jesus.
And it is His holiness that has been given to me. God puts the
holiness of His Son into me, and I belong to a new spiritual order.

By Oswald Chambers

