http://utmost.org/where-the-battle-is-won-or-lost/

Where the Battle is Won or Lost

"If you will return, O Israel," says the Lord… —Jeremiah 4:1

Our battles are first won or lost in the secret places of our will in
God’s presence, never in full view of the world. The Spirit of God
seizes me and I am compelled to get alone with God and fight the
battle before Him. Until I do this, I will lose every time. The battle
may take one minute or one year, but that will depend on me, not God.
However long it takes, I must wrestle with it alone before God, and I
must resolve to go through the hell of renunciation or rejection
before Him. Nothing has any power over someone who has fought the
battle before God and won there.

I should never say, “I will wait until I get into difficult
circumstances and then I’ll put God to the test.” Trying to do that
will not work. I must first get the issue settled between God and
myself in the secret places of my soul, where no one else can
interfere. Then I can go ahead, knowing with certainty that the battle
is won. Lose it there, and calamity, disaster, and defeat before the
world are as sure as the laws of God. The reason the battle is lost is
that I fight it first in the external world. Get alone with God, do
battle before Him, and settle the matter once and for all.

In dealing with other people, our stance should always be to drive
them toward making a decision of their will. That is how surrendering
to God begins. Not often, but every once in a while, God brings us to
a major turning point— a great crossroads in our life. From that point
we either go toward a more and more slow, lazy, and useless Christian
life, or we become more and more on fire, giving our utmost for His
highest— our best for His glory.

By Oswald Chambers

