https://utmost.org/the-method-of-missions/

The Method of Missions

Go therefore and make disciples of all the nations… —Matthew 28:19

Jesus Christ did not say, “Go and save souls” (the salvation of souls
is the supernatural work of God), but He said, “Go…make disciples of
all the nations….” Yet you cannot make disciples unless you are a
disciple yourself. When the disciples returned from their first
mission, they were filled with joy because even the demons were
subject to them. But Jesus said, in effect, “Don’t rejoice in
successful service— the great secret of joy is that you have the right
relationship with Me” (see Luke 10:17-20). The missionary’s great
essential is remaining true to the call of God, and realizing that his
one and only purpose is to disciple men and women to Jesus. Remember
that there is a passion for souls that does not come from God, but
from our desire to make converts to our point of view.

The challenge to the missionary does not come from the fact that
people are difficult to bring to salvation, that backsliders are
difficult to reclaim, or that there is a barrier of callous
indifference. No, the challenge comes from the perspective of the
missionary’s own personal relationship with Jesus Christ— “Do you
believe that I am able to do this?” (Matthew 9:28). Our Lord
unwaveringly asks us that question, and it confronts us in every
individual situation we encounter. The one great challenge to us is—
do I know my risen Lord? Do I know the power of His indwelling Spirit?
Am I wise enough in God’s sight, but foolish enough according to the
wisdom of the world, to trust in what Jesus Christ has said? Or am I
abandoning the great supernatural position of limitless confidence in
Christ Jesus, which is really God’s only call for a missionary? If I
follow any other method, I depart altogether from the methods
prescribed by our Lord— “All authority has been given to Me….Go
therefore…” (Matthew 28:18-19).

By Oswald Chambers

