http://utmost.org/his-ascension-and-our-access/

His Ascension and Our Access

It came to pass, while He blessed them, that He was parted from them
and carried up into heaven. —Luke 24:51

We have no experiences in our lives that correspond to the events in
our Lord’s life after the transfiguration. From that moment forward
His life was altogether substitutionary. Up to the time of the
transfiguration, He had exhibited the normal, perfect life of a man.
But from the transfiguration forward— Gethsemane, the Cross, the
resurrection— everything is unfamiliar to us. His Cross is the door by
which every member of the human race can enter into the life of God;
by His resurrection He has the right to give eternal life to anyone,
and by His ascension our Lord entered heaven, keeping the door open
for humanity.

The transfiguration was completed on the Mount of Ascension. If Jesus
had gone to heaven directly from the Mount of Transfiguration, He
would have gone alone. He would have been nothing more to us than a
glorious Figure. But He turned His back on the glory, and came down
from the mountain to identify Himself with fallen humanity.

The ascension is the complete fulfillment of the transfiguration. Our
Lord returned to His original glory, but not simply as the Son of God—
He returned to His father as the Son of Man as well. There is now
freedom of access for anyone straight to the very throne of God
because of the ascension of the Son of Man. As the Son of Man, Jesus
Christ deliberately limited His omnipotence, omnipresence, and
omniscience. But now they are His in absolute, full power. As the Son
of Man, Jesus Christ now has all the power at the throne of God. From
His ascension forward He is the King of kings and Lord of lords.

By Oswald Chambers

