https://utmost.org/the-trial-of-faith/

The Trial of Faith

If you have faith as small as a mustard seed…nothing will be
impossible for you. —Matthew 17:20

We have the idea that God rewards us for our faith, and it may be so
in the initial stages. But we do not earn anything through faith—
faith brings us into the right relationship with God and gives Him His
opportunity to work. Yet God frequently has to knock the bottom out of
your experience as His saint to get you in direct contact with
Himself. God wants you to understand that it is a life of faith, not a
life of emotional enjoyment of His blessings. The beginning of your
life of faith was very narrow and intense, centered around a small
amount of experience that had as much emotion as faith in it, and it
was full of light and sweetness. Then God withdrew His conscious
blessings to teach you to “walk by faith” (2 Corinthians 5:7). And you
are worth much more to Him now than you were in your days of conscious
delight with your thrilling testimony.

Faith by its very nature must be tested and tried. And the real trial
of faith is not that we find it difficult to trust God, but that God’s
character must be proven as trustworthy in our own minds. Faith being
worked out into reality must experience times of unbroken isolation.
Never confuse the trial of faith with the ordinary discipline of life,
because a great deal of what we call the trial of faith is the
inevitable result of being alive. Faith, as the Bible teaches it, is
faith in God coming against everything that contradicts Him— a faith
that says, “I will remain true to God’s character whatever He may do.”
The highest and the greatest expression of faith in the whole Bible
is— “Though He slay me, yet will I trust Him” (Job 13:15).

By Oswald Chambers

