http://utmost.org/getting-into-god%E2%80%99s-stride/

Getting into God’s Stride

Enoch walked with God… —Genesis 5:24

The true test of a person’s spiritual life and character is not what
he does in the extraordinary moments of life, but what he does during
the ordinary times when there is nothing tremendous or exciting
happening. A person’s worth is revealed in his attitude toward the
ordinary things of life when he is not under the spotlight (see John
1:35-37 and John 3:30). It is painful work to get in step with God and
to keep pace with Him— it means getting your second wind spiritually.
In learning to walk with God, there is always the difficulty of
getting into His stride, but once we have done so, the only
characteristic that exhibits itself is the very life of God Himself.
The individual person is merged into a personal oneness with God, and
God’s stride and His power alone are exhibited.

It is difficult to get into stride with God, because as soon as we
start walking with Him we find that His pace has surpassed us before
we have even taken three steps. He has different ways of doing things,
and we have to be trained and disciplined in His ways. It was said of
Jesus— “He will not fail nor be discouraged…” (Isaiah 42:4) because He
never worked from His own individual standpoint, but always worked
from the standpoint of His Father. And we must learn to do the same.
Spiritual truth is learned through the atmosphere that surrounds us,
not through intellectual reasoning. It is God’s Spirit that changes
the atmosphere of our way of looking at things, and then things begin
to be possible which before were impossible. Getting into God’s stride
means nothing less than oneness with Him. It takes a long time to get
there, but keep at it. Don’t give up because the pain is intense right
now— get on with it, and before long you will find that you have a new
vision and a new purpose.

By Oswald Chambers

