http://utmost.org/visions-becoming-reality/

Visions Becoming Reality

The parched ground shall become a pool… —Isaiah 35:7

We always have a vision of something before it actually becomes real
to us. When we realize that the vision is real, but is not yet real in
us, Satan comes to us with his temptations, and we are inclined to say
that there is no point in even trying to continue. Instead of the
vision becoming real to us, we have entered into a valley of
humiliation.

Life is not as idle ore, But iron dug from central gloom, And battered
by the shocks of doom To shape and use.

God gives us a vision, and then He takes us down to the valley to
batter us into the shape of that vision. It is in the valley that so
many of us give up and faint. Every God-given vision will become real
if we will only have patience. Just think of the enormous amount of
free time God has! He is never in a hurry. Yet we are always in such a
frantic hurry. While still in the light of the glory of the vision, we
go right out to do things, but the vision is not yet real in us. God
has to take us into the valley and put us through fires and floods to
batter us into shape, until we get to the point where He can trust us
with the reality of the vision. Ever since God gave us the vision, He
has been at work. He is getting us into the shape of the goal He has
for us, and yet over and over again we try to escape from the
Sculptor’s hand in an effort to batter ourselves into the shape of our
own goal.

The vision that God gives is not some unattainable castle in the sky,
but a vision of what God wants you to be down here. Allow the Potter
to put you on His wheel and whirl you around as He desires. Then as
surely as God is God, and you are you, you will turn out as an exact
likeness of the vision. But don’t lose heart in the process. If you
have ever had a vision from God, you may try as you will to be
satisfied on a lower level, but God will never allow it.

By Oswald Chambers

