http://utmost.org/the-nature-of-reconciliation/

The Nature of Reconciliation

He made Him who knew no sin to be sin for us, that we might become the
righteousness of God in Him. —2 Corinthians 5:21

Sin is a fundamental relationship— it is not wrong doing, but wrong
being— it is deliberate and determined independence from God. The
Christian faith bases everything on the extreme, self-confident nature
of sin. Other faiths deal with sins— the Bible alone deals with sin.
The first thing Jesus Christ confronted in people was the heredity of
sin, and it is because we have ignored this in our presentation of the
gospel that the message of the gospel has lost its sting and its
explosive power.

The revealed truth of the Bible is not that Jesus Christ took on
Himself our fleshly sins, but that He took on Himself the heredity of
sin that no man can even touch. God made His own Son “to be sin” that
He might make the sinner into a saint. It is revealed throughout the
Bible that our Lord took on Himself the sin of the world through
identification with us, not through sympathy for us. He deliberately
took on His own shoulders, and endured in His own body, the complete,
cumulative sin of the human race. “He made Him who knew no sin to be
sin for us…” and by so doing He placed salvation for the entire human
race solely on the basis of redemption. Jesus Christ reconciled the
human race, putting it back to where God designed it to be. And now
anyone can experience that reconciliation, being brought into oneness
with God, on the basis of what our Lord has done on the cross.

A man cannot redeem himself— redemption is the work of God, and is
absolutely finished and complete. And its application to individual
people is a matter of their own individual action or response to it. A
distinction must always be made between the revealed truth of
redemption and the actual conscious experience of salvation in a
person’s life.

By Oswald Chambers

