http://utmost.org/the-spiritually-vigorous-saint/

The Spiritually Vigorous Saint

…that I may know Him… —Philippians 3:10

A saint is not to take the initiative toward self-realization, but
toward knowing Jesus Christ. A spiritually vigorous saint never
believes that his circumstances simply happen at random, nor does he
ever think of his life as being divided into the secular and the
sacred. He sees every situation in which he finds himself as the means
of obtaining a greater knowledge of Jesus Christ, and he has an
attitude of unrestrained abandon and total surrender about him. The
Holy Spirit is determined that we will have the realization of Jesus
Christ in every area of our lives, and He will bring us back to the
same point over and over again until we do. Self-realization only
leads to the glorification of good works, whereas a saint of God
glorifies Jesus Christ through his good works. Whatever we may be
doing— even eating, drinking, or washing disciples’ feet— we have to
take the initiative of realizing and recognizing Jesus Christ in it.
Every phase of our life has its counterpart in the life of Jesus. Our
Lord realized His relationship to the Father even in the most menial
task. “Jesus, knowing…that He had come from God and was going to
God,…took a towel…and began to wash the disciples’ feet…” (John
13:3-5).

The aim of a spiritually vigorous saint is “that I may know Him…” Do I
know Him where I am today? If not, I am failing Him. I am not here for
self-realization, but to know Jesus Christ. In Christian work our
initiative and motivation are too often simply the result of realizing
that there is work to be done and that we must do it. Yet that is
never the attitude of a spiritually vigorous saint. His aim is to
achieve the realization of Jesus Christ in every set of circumstances.

By Oswald Chambers

