http://utmost.org/his-birth-and-our-new-birth/

His Birth and Our New Birth

"Behold, the virgin shall be with child, and bear a Son, and they
shall call His name Immanuel," which is translated, "God with us."
—Matthew 1:23

His Birth in History. “…that Holy One who is to be born will be called
the Son of God (Luke 1:35). Jesus Christ was born into this world, not
from it. He did not emerge out of history; He came into history from
the outside. Jesus Christ is not the best human being the human race
can boast of— He is a Being for whom the human race can take no credit
at all. He is not man becoming God, but God Incarnate— God coming into
human flesh from outside it. His life is the highest and the holiest
entering through the most humble of doors. Our Lord’s birth was an
advent— the appearance of God in human form.

His Birth in Me. “My little children, for whom I labor in birth again
until Christ is formed in you…” (Galatians 4:19). Just as our Lord
came into human history from outside it, He must also come into me
from outside. Have I allowed my personal human life to become a
“Bethlehem” for the Son of God? I cannot enter the realm of the
kingdom of God unless I am born again from above by a birth totally
unlike physical birth. “You must be born again” (John 3:7). This is
not a command, but a fact based on the authority of God. The evidence
of the new birth is that I yield myself so completely to God that
“Christ is formed” in me. And once “Christ is formed” in me, His
nature immediately begins to work through me.

God Evident in the Flesh. This is what is made so profoundly possible
for you and for me through the redemption of man by Jesus Christ.

By Oswald Chambers

