http://utmost.org/the-way-to-purity/

The Way to Purity

Those things which proceed out of the mouth come from the heart….For
out of the heart proceed evil thoughts, murders, adulteries,
fornications, thefts, false witness, blasphemies. These are the things
which defile a man… —Matthew 15:18-20

Initially we trust in our ignorance, calling it innocence, and next we
trust our innocence, calling it purity. Then when we hear these strong
statements from our Lord, we shrink back, saying, “But I never felt
any of those awful things in my heart.” We resent what He reveals.
Either Jesus Christ is the supreme authority on the human heart, or He
is not worth paying any attention to. Am I prepared to trust the
penetration of His Word into my heart, or would I prefer to trust my
own “innocent ignorance”? If I will take an honest look at myself,
becoming fully aware of my so-called innocence and putting it to the
test, I am very likely to have a rude awakening that what Jesus Christ
said is true, and I will be appalled at the possibilities of the evil
and the wrong within me. But as long as I remain under the false
security of my own “innocence,” I am living in a fool’s paradise. If I
have never been an openly rude and abusive person, the only reason is
my own cowardice coupled with the sense of protection I receive from
living a civilized life. But when I am open and completely exposed
before God, I find that Jesus Christ is right in His diagnosis of me.

The only thing that truly provides protection is the redemption of
Jesus Christ. If I will simply hand myself over to Him, I will never
have to experience the terrible possibilities that lie within my
heart. Purity is something far too deep for me to arrive at naturally.
But when the Holy Spirit comes into me, He brings into the center of
my personal life the very Spirit that was exhibited in the life of
Jesus Christ, namely, the Holy Spirit, which is absolute unblemished
purity.

By Oswald Chambers

