https://utmost.org/do-you-see-your-calling/

Do You See Your Calling?

…separated to the gospel of God… —Romans 1:1

Our calling is not primarily to be holy men and women, but to be
proclaimers of the gospel of God. The one all-important thing is that
the gospel of God should be recognized as the abiding reality. Reality
is not human goodness, or holiness, or heaven, or hell— it is
redemption. The need to perceive this is the most vital need of the
Christian worker today. As workers, we have to get used to the
revelation that redemption is the only reality. Personal holiness is
an effect of redemption, not the cause of it. If we place our faith in
human goodness we will go under when testing comes.

Paul did not say that he separated himself, but “when it pleased God,
who separated me…” (Galatians 1:15). Paul was not overly interested in
his own character. And as long as our eyes are focused on our own
personal holiness, we will never even get close to the full reality of
redemption. Christian workers fail because they place their desire for
their own holiness above their desire to know God. “Don’t ask me to be
confronted with the strong reality of redemption on behalf of the
filth of human life surrounding me today; what I want is anything God
can do for me to make me more desirable in my own eyes.” To talk that
way is a sign that the reality of the gospel of God has not begun to
touch me. There is no reckless abandon to God in that. God cannot
deliver me while my interest is merely in my own character. Paul was
not conscious of himself. He was recklessly abandoned, totally
surrendered, and separated by God for one purpose— to proclaim the
gospel of God (see Romans 9:3).

By Oswald Chambers

