http://utmost.org/have-you-seen-jesus/

Have You Seen Jesus?

After that, He appeared in another form to two of them… —Mark 16:12

Being saved and seeing Jesus are not the same thing. Many people who
have never seen Jesus have received and share in God’s grace. But once
you have seen Him, you can never be the same. Other things will not
have the appeal they did before.

You should always recognize the difference between what you see Jesus
to be and what He has done for you. If you see only what He has done
for you, your God is not big enough. But if you have had a vision,
seeing Jesus as He really is, experiences can come and go, yet you
will endure “as seeing Him who is invisible” (Hebrews 11:27). The man
who was blind from birth did not know who Jesus was until Christ
appeared and revealed Himself to him (see John 9). Jesus appears to
those for whom He has done something, but we cannot order or predict
when He will come. He may appear suddenly, at any turn. Then you can
exclaim, “Now I see Him!” (see John 9:25).

Jesus must appear to you and to your friend individually; no one can
see Jesus with your eyes. And division takes place when one has seen
Him and the other has not. You cannot bring your friend to the point
of seeing; God must do it. Have you seen Jesus? If so, you will want
others to see Him too. “And they went and told it to the rest, but
they did not believe them either” (Mark 16:13). When you see Him, you
must tell, even if they don’t believe.

O could I tell, you surely would believe it! O could I only say what I
have seen! How should I tell or how can you receive it, How, till He
bringeth you where I have been?

By Oswald Chambers

