http://utmost.org/arguments-or-obedience/

Arguments or Obedience

…the simplicity that is in Christ.  —2 Corinthians 11:3

Simplicity is the secret to seeing things clearly. A saint does not
think clearly until a long time passes, but a saint ought to see
clearly without any difficulty. You cannot think through spiritual
confusion to make things clear; to make things clear, you must obey.
In intellectual matters you can think things out, but in spiritual
matters you will only think yourself into further wandering thoughts
and more confusion. If there is something in your life upon which God
has put His pressure, then obey Him in that matter. Bring all your
“arguments and…every thought into captivity to the obedience of
Christ” regarding the matter, and everything will become as clear as
daylight to you (2 Corinthians 10:5). Your reasoning capacity will
come later, but reasoning is not how we see. We see like children, and
when we try to be wise we see nothing (see Matthew 11:25).

Even the very smallest thing that we allow in our lives that is not
under the control of the Holy Spirit is completely sufficient to
account for spiritual confusion, and spending all of our time thinking
about it will still never make it clear. Spiritual confusion can only
be conquered through obedience. As soon as we obey, we have
discernment. This is humiliating, because when we are confused we know
that the reason lies in the state of our mind. But when our natural
power of sight is devoted and submitted in obedience to the Holy
Spirit, it becomes the very power by which we perceive God’s will, and
our entire life is kept in simplicity.

By Oswald Chambers

