https://utmost.org/fellowship-in-the-gospel/

Fellowship in the Gospel

…fellow laborer in the gospel of Christ… —1 Thessalonians 3:2

After sanctification, it is difficult to state what your purpose in
life is, because God has moved you into His purpose through the Holy
Spirit. He is using you now for His purposes throughout the world as
He used His Son for the purpose of our salvation. If you seek great
things for yourself, thinking, “God has called me for this and for
that,” you barricade God from using you. As long as you maintain your
own personal interests and ambitions, you cannot be completely aligned
or identified with God’s interests. This can only be accomplished by
giving up all of your personal plans once and for all, and by allowing
God to take you directly into His purpose for the world. Your
understanding of your ways must also be surrendered, because they are
now the ways of the Lord.

I must learn that the purpose of my life belongs to God, not me. God
is using me from His great personal perspective, and all He asks of me
is that I trust Him. I should never say, “Lord, this causes me such
heartache.” To talk that way makes me a stumbling block. When I stop
telling God what I want, He can freely work His will in me without any
hindrance. He can crush me, exalt me, or do anything else He chooses.
He simply asks me to have absolute faith in Him and His goodness.
Self-pity is of the devil, and if I wallow in it I cannot be used by
God for His purpose in the world. Doing this creates for me my own
cozy “world within the world,” and God will not be allowed to move me
from it because of my fear of being “frost-bitten.”

By Oswald Chambers

