http://utmost.org/do-you-really-love-him/

Do You Really Love Him?

She has done a good work for Me. —Mark 14:6

If what we call love doesn’t take us beyond ourselves, it is not
really love. If we have the idea that love is characterized as
cautious, wise, sensible, shrewd, and never taken to extremes, we have
missed the true meaning. This may describe affection and it may bring
us a warm feeling, but it is not a true and accurate description of
love.

Have you ever been driven to do something for God not because you felt
that it was useful or your duty to do so, or that there was anything
in it for you, but simply because you love Him? Have you ever realized
that you can give things to God that are of value to Him? Or are you
just sitting around daydreaming about the greatness of His redemption,
while neglecting all the things you could be doing for Him? I’m not
referring to works which could be regarded as divine and miraculous,
but ordinary, simple human things— things which would be evidence to
God that you are totally surrendered to Him. Have you ever created
what Mary of Bethany created in the heart of the Lord Jesus? “She has
done a good work for Me.”

There are times when it seems as if God watches to see if we will give
Him even small gifts of surrender, just to show how genuine our love
is for Him. To be surrendered to God is of more value than our
personal holiness. Concern over our personal holiness causes us to
focus our eyes on ourselves, and we become overly concerned about the
way we walk and talk and look, out of fear of offending God. “…but
perfect love casts out fear…” once we are surrendered to God (1 John
4:18). We should quit asking ourselves, “Am I of any use?” and accept
the truth that we really are not of much use to Him. The issue is
never of being of use, but of being of value to God Himself. Once we
are totally surrendered to God, He will work through us all the time.

By Oswald Chambers

