https://utmost.org/justification-by-faith/

Justification by Faith

If when we were enemies we were reconciled to God through the death of
His Son, much more, having been reconciled, we shall be saved by His
life. —Romans 5:10

I am not saved by believing— I simply realize I am saved by believing.
And it is not repentance that saves me— repentance is only the sign
that I realize what God has done through Christ Jesus. The danger here
is putting the emphasis on the effect, instead of on the cause. Is it
my obedience, consecration, and dedication that make me right with
God? It is never that! I am made right with God because, prior to all
of that, Christ died. When I turn to God and by belief accept what God
reveals, the miraculous atonement by the Cross of Christ instantly
places me into a right relationship with God. And as a result of the
supernatural miracle of God’s grace I stand justified, not because I
am sorry for my sin, or because I have repented, but because of what
Jesus has done. The Spirit of God brings justification with a
shattering, radiant light, and I know that I am saved, even though I
don’t know how it was accomplished.

The salvation that comes from God is not based on human logic, but on
the sacrificial death of Jesus. We can be born again solely because of
the atonement of our Lord. Sinful men and women can be changed into
new creations, not through their repentance or their belief, but
through the wonderful work of God in Christ Jesus which preceded all
of our experience (see 2 Corinthians 5:17-19). The unconquerable
safety of justification and sanctification is God Himself. We do not
have to accomplish these things ourselves— they have been accomplished
through the atonement of the Cross of Christ. The supernatural becomes
natural to us through the miracle of God, and there is the realization
of what Jesus Christ has already done— “It is finished!” (John 19:30).

By Oswald Chambers

