https://utmost.org/the-servant%E2%80%99s-primary-goal/

The Servant’s Primary Goal

We make it our aim…to be well pleasing to Him. —2 Corinthians 5:9

“We make it our aim….” It requires a conscious decision and effort to
keep our primary goal constantly in front of us. It means holding
ourselves to the highest priority year in and year out; not making our
first priority to win souls, or to establish churches, or to have
revivals, but seeking only “to be well pleasing to Him.” It is not a
lack of spiritual experience that leads to failure, but a lack of
working to keep our eyes focused and on the right goal. At least once
a week examine yourself before God to see if your life is measuring up
to the standard He has for you. Paul was like a musician who gives no
thought to audience approval, if he can only catch a look of approval
from his Conductor.

Any goal we have that diverts us even to the slightest degree from the
central goal of being “approved to God” (2 Timothy 2:15) may result in
our rejection from further service for Him. When you discern where the
goal leads, you will understand why it is so necessary to keep
“looking unto Jesus” (Hebrews 12:2). Paul spoke of the importance of
controlling his own body so that it would not take him in the wrong
direction. He said, “I discipline my body and bring it into
subjection, lest…I myself should become disqualified” (1 Corinthians
9:27).

I must learn to relate everything to the primary goal, maintaining it
without interruption. My worth to God publicly is measured by what I
really am in my private life. Is my primary goal in life to please Him
and to be acceptable to Him, or is it something less, no matter how
lofty it may sound?

By Oswald Chambers

