http://utmost.org/am-i-blessed-like-this/

Am I Blessed Like This?

Blessed are… —Matthew 5:3-11

When we first read the statements of Jesus, they seem wonderfully
simple and unstartling, and they sink unnoticed into our subconscious
minds. For instance, the Beatitudes initially seem to be merely
soothing and beautiful precepts for overly spiritual and seemingly
useless people, but of very little practical use in the rigid, fast-
paced workdays of the world in which we live. We soon find, however,
that the Beatitudes contain the “dynamite” of the Holy Spirit. And
they “explode” when the circumstances of our lives cause them to do
so. When the Holy Spirit brings to our remembrance one of the
Beatitudes, we say, “What a startling statement that is!” Then we must
decide whether or not we will accept the tremendous spiritual upheaval
that will be produced in our circumstances if we obey His words. That
is the way the Spirit of God works. We do not need to be born again to
apply the Sermon on the Mount literally. The literal interpretation of
the Sermon on the Mount is as easy as child’s play. But the
interpretation by the Spirit of God as He applies our Lord’s
statements to our circumstances is the strict and difficult work of a
saint.

The teachings of Jesus are all out of proportion when compared to our
natural way of looking at things, and they come to us initially with
astonishing discomfort. We gradually have to conform our walk and
conversation to the precepts of Jesus Christ as the Holy Spirit
applies them to our circumstances. The Sermon on the Mount is not a
set of rules and regulations— it is a picture of the life we will live
when the Holy Spirit is having His unhindered way with us.

By Oswald Chambers

