https://utmost.org/the-cost-of-sanctification/

The Cost of Sanctification

May the God of peace Himself sanctify you completely… —1 Thessalonians
5:23

When we pray, asking God to sanctify us, are we prepared to measure up
to what that really means? We take the word sanctification much too
lightly. Are we prepared to pay the cost of sanctification? The cost
will be a deep restriction of all our earthly concerns, and an
extensive cultivation of all our godly concerns. Sanctification means
to be intensely focused on God’s point of view. It means to secure and
to keep all the strength of our body, soul, and spirit for God’s
purpose alone. Are we really prepared for God to perform in us
everything for which He separated us? And after He has done His work,
are we then prepared to separate ourselves to God just as Jesus did?
“For their sakes I sanctify Myself…” (John 17:19). The reason some of
us have not entered into the experience of sanctification is that we
have not realized the meaning of sanctification from God’s
perspective. Sanctification means being made one with Jesus so that
the nature that controlled Him will control us. Are we really prepared
for what that will cost? It will cost absolutely everything in us
which is not of God.

Are we prepared to be caught up into the full meaning of Paul’s prayer
in this verse? Are we prepared to say, “Lord, make me, a sinner saved
by grace, as holy as You can”? Jesus prayed that we might be one with
Him, just as He is one with the Father (see John 17:21-23). The
resounding evidence of the Holy Spirit in a person’s life is the
unmistakable family likeness to Jesus Christ, and the freedom from
everything which is not like Him. Are we prepared to set ourselves
apart for the Holy Spirit’s work in us?

By Oswald Chambers

