http://utmost.org/the-patience-to-wait-for-the-vision/

The Patience To Wait for the Vision

Though it tarries, wait for it… —Habakkuk 2:3

Patience is not the same as indifference; patience conveys the idea of
someone who is tremendously strong and able to withstand all assaults.
Having the vision of God is the source of patience because it gives us
God’s true and proper inspiration. Moses endured, not because of his
devotion to his principles of what was right, nor because of his sense
of duty to God, but because he had a vision of God. “…he endured as
seeing Him who is invisible” (Hebrews 11:27). A person who has the
vision of God is not devoted to a cause or to any particular issue— he
is devoted to God Himself. You always know when the vision is of God
because of the inspiration that comes with it. Things come to you with
greatness and add vitality to your life because everything is
energized by God. He may give you a time spiritually, with no word
from Himself at all, just as His Son experienced during His time of
temptation in the wilderness. When God does that, simply endure, and
the power to endure will be there because you see God.

“Though it tarries, wait for it….” The proof that we have the vision
is that we are reaching out for more than we have already grasped. It
is a bad thing to be satisfied spiritually. The psalmist said, “What
shall I render to the Lord…? I will take up the cup of salvation…”
(Psalm 116:12-13). We are apt to look for satisfaction within
ourselves and say, “Now I’ve got it! Now I am completely sanctified.
Now I can endure.” Instantly we are on the road to ruin. Our reach
must exceed our grasp. Paul said, “Not that I have already attained,
or am already perfected; but I press on…” (Philippians 3:12). If we
have only what we have experienced, we have nothing. But if we have
the inspiration of the vision of God, we have more than we can
experience. Beware of the danger of spiritual relaxation.

By Oswald Chambers

