http://utmost.org/the-discipline-of-the-lord/

The Discipline of the Lord

My son, do not despise the chastening of the Lord, nor be discouraged
when you are rebuked by Him. —Hebrews 12:5

It is very easy to grieve the Spirit of God; we do it by despising the
discipline of the Lord, or by becoming discouraged when He rebukes us.
If our experience of being set apart from sin and being made holy
through the process of sanctification is still very shallow, we tend
to mistake the reality of God for something else. And when the Spirit
of God gives us a sense of warning or restraint, we are apt to say
mistakenly, “Oh, that must be from the devil.”

“Do not quench the Spirit” (1 Thessalonians 5:19), and do not despise
Him when He says to you, in effect, “Don’t be blind on this point
anymore— you are not as far along spiritually as you thought you were.
Until now I have not been able to reveal this to you, but I’m
revealing it to you right now.” When the Lord disciplines you like
that, let Him have His way with you. Allow Him to put you into a
right-standing relationship before God.

“…nor be discouraged when you are rebuked by Him.” We begin to pout,
become irritated with God, and then say, “Oh well, I can’t help it. I
prayed and things didn’t turn out right anyway. So I’m simply going to
give up on everything.” Just think what would happen if we acted like
this in any other area of our lives!

Am I fully prepared to allow God to grip me by His power and do a work
in me that is truly worthy of Himself? Sanctification is not my idea
of what I want God to do for me— sanctification is God’s idea of what
He wants to do for me. But He has to get me into the state of mind and
spirit where I will allow Him to sanctify me completely, whatever the
cost (see 1 Thessalonians 5:23-24).

By Oswald Chambers

