http://utmost.org/living-your-theology/

Living Your Theology

Walk while you have the light, lest darkness overtake you… —John 12:35

Beware of not acting upon what you see in your moments on the
mountaintop with God. If you do not obey the light, it will turn into
darkness. “If therefore the light that is in you is darkness, how
great is that darkness!” (Matthew 6:23). The moment you forsake the
matter of sanctification or neglect anything else on which God has
given you His light, your spiritual life begins to disintegrate within
you. Continually bring the truth out into your real life, working it
out into every area, or else even the light that you possess will
itself prove to be a curse.

The most difficult person to deal with is the one who has the prideful
self-satisfaction of a past experience, but is not working that
experience out in his everyday life. If you say you are sanctified,
show it. The experience must be so genuine that it shows in your life.
Beware of any belief that makes you self-indulgent or self-gratifying;
that belief came from the pit of hell itself, regardless of how
beautiful it may sound.

Your theology must work itself out, exhibiting itself in your most
common everyday relationships. Our Lord said, “…unless your
righteousness exceeds the righteousness of the scribes and Pharisees,
you will by no means enter the kingdom of heaven” (Matthew 5:20). In
other words, you must be more moral than the most moral person you
know. You may know all about the doctrine of sanctification, but are
you working it out in the everyday issues of your life? Every detail
of your life, whether physical, moral, or spiritual, is to be judged
and measured by the standard of the atonement by the Cross of Christ.

By Oswald Chambers

