http://utmost.org/the-staggering-question/

The Staggering Question

He said to me, "Son of man, can these bones live?" —Ezekiel 37:3

Can a sinner be turned into a saint? Can a twisted life be made right?
There is only one appropriate answer— “O Lord God, You know” (Ezekiel
37:3). Never forge ahead with your religious common sense and say,
“Oh, yes, with just a little more Bible reading, devotional time, and
prayer, I see how it can be done.”

It is much easier to do something than to trust in God; we see the
activity and mistake panic for inspiration. That is why we see so few
fellow workers with God, yet so many people working for God. We would
much rather work for God than believe in Him. Do I really believe that
God will do in me what I cannot do? The degree of hopelessness I have
for others comes from never realizing that God has done anything for
me. Is my own personal experience such a wonderful realization of
God’s power and might that I can never have a sense of hopelessness
for anyone else I see? Has any spiritual work been accomplished in me
at all? The degree of panic activity in my life is equal to the degree
of my lack of personal spiritual experience.

“Behold, O My people, I will open your graves…” (Ezekiel 37:12). When
God wants to show you what human nature is like separated from
Himself, He shows it to you in yourself. If the Spirit of God has ever
given you a vision of what you are apart from the grace of God (and He
will only do this when His Spirit is at work in you), then you know
that in reality there is no criminal half as bad as you yourself could
be without His grace. My “grave” has been opened by God and “I know
that in me (that is, in my flesh) nothing good dwells” (Romans 7:18).
God’s Spirit continually reveals to His children what human nature is
like apart from His grace.

By Oswald Chambers

