http://utmost.org/is-your-mind-stayed-on-god/

Is Your Mind Stayed on God?

You will keep him in perfect peace, whose mind is stayed on You,
because he trusts in You. —Isaiah 26:3

Is your mind stayed on God or is it starved? Starvation of the mind,
caused by neglect, is one of the chief sources of exhaustion and
weakness in a servant’s life. If you have never used your mind to
place yourself before God, begin to do it now. There is no reason to
wait for God to come to you. You must turn your thoughts and your eyes
away from the face of idols and look to Him and be saved (see Isaiah
45:22).

Your mind is the greatest gift God has given you and it ought to be
devoted entirely to Him. You should seek to be “bringing every thought
into captivity to the obedience of Christ…” (2 Corinthians 10:5). This
will be one of the greatest assets of your faith when a time of trial
comes, because then your faith and the Spirit of God will work
together. When you have thoughts and ideas that are worthy of credit
to God, learn to compare and associate them with all that happens in
nature— the rising and the setting of the sun, the shining of the moon
and the stars, and the changing of the seasons. You will begin to see
that your thoughts are from God as well, and your mind will no longer
be at the mercy of your impulsive thinking, but will always be used in
service to God.

“We have sinned with our fathers…[and]…did not remember…” (Psalm
106:6-7). Then prod your memory and wake up immediately. Don’t say to
yourself, “But God is not talking to me right now.” He ought to be.
Remember whose you are and whom you serve. Encourage yourself to
remember, and your affection for God will increase tenfold. Your mind
will no longer be starved, but will be quick and enthusiastic, and
your hope will be inexpressibly bright.

By Oswald Chambers

