http://utmost.org/beware-of-the-least-likely-temptation/

Beware of the Least Likely Temptation

Joab had defected to Adonijah, though he had not defected to Absalom.
—1 Kings 2:28

Joab withstood the greatest test of his life, remaining absolutely
loyal to David by not turning to follow after the fascinating and
ambitious Absalom. Yet toward the end of his life he turned to follow
after the weak and cowardly Adonijah. Always remain alert to the fact
that where one person has turned back is exactly where anyone may be
tempted to turn back (see 1 Corinthians 10:11-13). You may have just
victoriously gone through a great crisis, but now be alert about the
things that may appear to be the least likely to tempt you. Beware of
thinking that the areas of your life where you have experienced
victory in the past are now the least likely to cause you to stumble
and fall.

We are apt to say, “It is not at all likely that having been through
the greatest crisis of my life I would now turn back to the things of
the world.” Do not try to predict where the temptation will come; it
is the least likely thing that is the real danger. It is in the
aftermath of a great spiritual event that the least likely things
begin to have an effect. They may not be forceful and dominant, but
they are there. And if you are not careful to be forewarned, they will
trip you. You have remained true to God under great and intense
trials— now beware of the undercurrent. Do not be abnormally examining
your inner self, looking forward with dread, but stay alert; keep your
memory sharp before God. Unguarded strength is actually a double
weakness, because that is where the least likely temptations will be
effective in sapping strength. The Bible characters stumbled over
their strong points, never their weak ones.

“…kept by the power of God…”— that is the only safety. (1 Peter 1:5).

By Oswald Chambers

