https://utmost.org/submitting-to-god%E2%80%99s-purpose/

Submitting to God’s Purpose

I have become all things to all men, that I might by all means save
some. —1 Corinthians 9:22

A Christian worker has to learn how to be God’s man or woman of great
worth and excellence in the midst of a multitude of meager and
worthless things. Never protest by saying, “If only I were somewhere
else!” All of God’s people are ordinary people who have been made
extraordinary by the purpose He has given them. Unless we have the
right purpose intellectually in our minds and lovingly in our hearts,
we will very quickly be diverted from being useful to God. We are not
workers for God by choice. Many people deliberately choose to be
workers, but they have no purpose of God’s almighty grace or His
mighty Word in them. Paul’s whole heart, mind, and soul were consumed
with the great purpose of what Jesus Christ came to do, and he never
lost sight of that one thing. We must continually confront ourselves
with one central fact— “…Jesus Christ and Him crucified” (1
Corinthians 2:2).

“I chose you…” (John 15:16). Keep these words as a wonderful reminder
in your theology. It is not that you have gotten God, but that He has
gotten you. God is at work bending, breaking, molding, and doing
exactly as He chooses. And why is He doing it? He is doing it for only
one purpose— that He may be able to say, “This is My man, and this is
My woman.” We have to be in God’s hand so that He can place others on
the Rock, Jesus Christ, just as He has placed us.

Never choose to be a worker, but once God has placed His call upon
you, woe be to you if you “turn aside…to the right or the left…”
(Deuteronomy 28:14). He will do with you what He never did before His
call came to you, and He will do with you what He is not doing with
other people. Let Him have His way.

By Oswald Chambers

