https://utmost.org/intimate-theology/

Intimate Theology

Do you believe this? —John 11:26

Martha believed in the power available to Jesus Christ; she believed
that if He had been there He could have healed her brother; she also
believed that Jesus had a special intimacy with God, and that whatever
He asked of God, God would do. But— she needed a closer personal
intimacy with Jesus. Martha’s theology had its fulfillment in the
future. But Jesus continued to attract and draw her in until her
belief became an intimate possession. It then slowly emerged into a
personal inheritance— “Yes, Lord, I believe that You are the Christ…”
(John 11:27).

Is the Lord dealing with you in the same way? Is Jesus teaching you to
have a personal intimacy with Himself? Allow Him to drive His question
home to you— “Do you believe this?” Are you facing an area of doubt in
your life? Have you come, like Martha, to a crossroads of overwhelming
circumstances where your theology is about to become a very personal
belief? This happens only when a personal problem brings the awareness
of our personal need.

To believe is to commit. In the area of intellectual learning I commit
myself mentally, and reject anything not related to that belief. In
the realm of personal belief I commit myself morally to my convictions
and refuse to compromise. But in intimate personal belief I commit
myself spiritually to Jesus Christ and make a determination to be
dominated by Him alone.

Then, when I stand face to face with Jesus Christ and He says to me,
“Do you believe this?” I find that faith is as natural as breathing.
And I am staggered when I think how foolish I have been in not
trusting Him earlier.

By Oswald Chambers

