http://utmost.org/do-it-now/

Do It Now!

Agree with your adversary quickly… —Matthew 5:25

In this verse, Jesus Christ laid down a very important principle by
saying, “Do what you know you must do— now. Do it quickly. If you
don’t, an inevitable process will begin to work ‘till you have paid
the last penny’ (Matthew 5:26) in pain, agony, and distress.” God’s
laws are unchangeable and there is no escape from them. The teachings
of Jesus always penetrate right to the heart of our being.

Wanting to make sure that my adversary gives me all my rights is a
natural thing. But Jesus says that it is a matter of inescapable and
eternal importance to me that I pay my adversary what I owe him. From
our Lord’s standpoint it doesn’t matter whether I am cheated or not,
but what does matter is that I don’t cheat someone else. Am I
insisting on having my own rights, or am I paying what I owe from
Jesus Christ’s standpoint?

Do it quickly— bring yourself to judgment now. In moral and spiritual
matters, you must act immediately. If you don’t, the inevitable,
relentless process will begin to work. God is determined to have His
child as pure, clean, and white as driven snow, and as long as there
is disobedience in any point of His teaching, He will allow His Spirit
to use whatever process it may take to bring us to obedience. The fact
that we insist on proving that we are right is almost always a clear
indication that we have some point of disobedience. No wonder the
Spirit of God so strongly urges us to stay steadfastly in the light!
(see John 3:19-21).

“Agree with your adversary quickly….” Have you suddenly reached a
certain place in your relationship with someone, only to find that you
have anger in your heart? Confess it quickly— make it right before
God. Be reconciled to that person— do it now!

By Oswald Chambers

