http://utmost.org/test-of-faithfulness/

Test of Faithfulness

We know that all things work together for good to those who love God…
—Romans 8:28

It is only a faithful person who truly believes that God sovereignly
controls his circumstances. We take our circumstances for granted,
saying God is in control, but not really believing it. We act as if
the things that happen were completely controlled by people. To be
faithful in every circumstance means that we have only one loyalty, or
object of our faith— the Lord Jesus Christ. God may cause our
circumstances to suddenly fall apart, which may bring the realization
of our unfaithfulness to Him for not recognizing that He had ordained
the situation. We never saw what He was trying to accomplish, and that
exact event will never be repeated in our life. This is where the test
of our faithfulness comes. If we will just learn to worship God even
during the difficult circumstances, He will change them for the better
very quickly if He so chooses.

Being faithful to Jesus Christ is the most difficult thing we try to
do today. We will be faithful to our work, to serving others, or to
anything else; just don’t ask us to be faithful to Jesus Christ. Many
Christians become very impatient when we talk about faithfulness to
Jesus. Our Lord is dethroned more deliberately by Christian workers
than by the world. We treat God as if He were a machine designed only
to bless us, and we think of Jesus as just another one of the workers.

The goal of faithfulness is not that we will do work for God, but that
He will be free to do His work through us. God calls us to His service
and places tremendous responsibilities on us. He expects no
complaining on our part and offers no explanation on His part. God
wants to use us as He used His own Son.

By Oswald Chambers

