https://utmost.org/our-lord%E2%80%99s-surprise-visits/

Our Lord’s Surprise Visits

You also be ready… —Luke 12:40

A Christian worker’s greatest need is a readiness to face Jesus Christ
at any and every turn. This is not easy, no matter what our experience
has been. This battle is not against sin, difficulties, or
circumstances, but against being so absorbed in our service to Jesus
Christ that we are not ready to face Jesus Himself at every turn. The
greatest need is not facing our beliefs or doctrines, or even facing
the question of whether or not we are of any use to Him, but the need
is to face Him.

Jesus rarely comes where we expect Him; He appears where we least
expect Him, and always in the most illogical situations. The only way
a servant can remain true to God is to be ready for the Lord’s
surprise visits. This readiness will not be brought about by service,
but through intense spiritual reality, expecting Jesus Christ at every
turn. This sense of expectation will give our life the attitude of
childlike wonder He wants it to have. If we are going to be ready for
Jesus Christ, we have to stop being religious. In other words, we must
stop using religion as if it were some kind of a lofty lifestyle— we
must be spiritually real.

If you are avoiding the call of the religious thinking of today’s
world, and instead are “looking unto Jesus” (Hebrews 12:2), setting
your heart on what He wants, and thinking His thoughts, you will be
considered impractical and a daydreamer. But when He suddenly appears
in the work of the heat of the day, you will be the only one who is
ready. You should trust no one, and even ignore the finest saint on
earth if he blocks your sight of Jesus Christ.

By Oswald Chambers

