http://utmost.org/beware-of-criticizing-others/

Beware of Criticizing Others

Judge not, that you be not judged. —Matthew 7:1

Jesus’ instructions with regard to judging others is very simply put;
He says, “Don’t.” The average Christian is the most piercingly
critical individual known. Criticism is one of the ordinary activities
of people, but in the spiritual realm nothing is accomplished by it.
The effect of criticism is the dividing up of the strengths of the one
being criticized. The Holy Spirit is the only one in the proper
position to criticize, and He alone is able to show what is wrong
without hurting and wounding. It is impossible to enter into
fellowship with God when you are in a critical mood. Criticism serves
to make you harsh, vindictive, and cruel, and leaves you with the
soothing and flattering idea that you are somehow superior to others.
Jesus says that as His disciple you should cultivate a temperament
that is never critical. This will not happen quickly but must be
developed over a span of time. You must constantly beware of anything
that causes you to think of yourself as a superior person.

There is no escaping the penetrating search of my life by Jesus. If I
see the little speck in your eye, it means that I have a plank of
timber in my own (see Matthew 7:3-5). Every wrong thing that I see in
you, God finds in me. Every time I judge, I condemn myself (see Romans
2:17-24). Stop having a measuring stick for other people. There is
always at least one more fact, which we know nothing about, in every
person’s situation. The first thing God does is to give us a thorough
spiritual cleaning. After that, there is no possibility of pride
remaining in us. I have never met a person I could despair of, or lose
all hope for, after discerning what lies in me apart from the grace of
God.

By Oswald Chambers

