http://utmost.org/the-secret-of-the-lord/

“The Secret of the Lord”

The secret of the Lord is with those who fear Him… —Psalm 25:14

What is the sign of a friend? Is it that he tells you his secret
sorrows? No, it is that he tells you his secret joys. Many people will
confide their secret sorrows to you, but the final mark of intimacy is
when they share their secret joys with you. Have we ever let God tell
us any of His joys? Or are we continually telling God our secrets,
leaving Him no time to talk to us? At the beginning of our Christian
life we are full of requests to God. But then we find that God wants
to get us into an intimate relationship with Himself— to get us in
touch with His purposes. Are we so intimately united to Jesus Christ’s
idea of prayer— “Your will be done” (Matthew 6:10)— that we catch the
secrets of God? What makes God so dear to us is not so much His big
blessings to us, but the tiny things, because they show His amazing
intimacy with us— He knows every detail of each of our individual
lives.

“Him shall He teach in the way He chooses” (Psalm 25:12). At first, we
want the awareness of being guided by God. But then as we grow
spiritually, we live so fully aware of God that we do not even need to
ask what His will is, because the thought of choosing another way will
never occur to us. If we are saved and sanctified, God guides us by
our everyday choices. And if we are about to choose what He does not
want, He will give us a sense of doubt or restraint, which we must
heed. Whenever there is doubt, stop at once. Never try to reason it
out, saying, “I wonder why I shouldn’t do this?” God instructs us in
what we choose; that is, He actually guides our common sense. And when
we yield to His teachings and guidance, we no longer hinder His Spirit
by continually asking, “Now, Lord, what is Your will?”

By Oswald Chambers

