http://utmost.org/ready-in-season/

“Ready in Season”

Be ready in season and out of season. —2 Timothy 4:2

Many of us suffer from the unbalanced tendency to “be ready” only “out
of season.” The season does not refer to time; it refers to us. This
verse says, “Preach the Word! Be ready in season and out of season.”
In other words, we should “be ready” whether we feel like it or not.
If we do only what we feel inclined to do, some of us would never do
anything. There are some people who are totally unemployable in the
spiritual realm. They are spiritually feeble and weak, and they refuse
to do anything unless they are supernaturally inspired. The proof that
our relationship is right with God is that we do our best whether we
feel inspired or not.

One of the worst traps a Christian worker can fall into is to become
obsessed with his own exceptional moments of inspiration. When the
Spirit of God gives you a time of inspiration and insight, you tend to
say, “Now that I’ve experienced this moment, I will always be like
this for God.” No, you will not, and God will make sure of that. Those
times are entirely the gift of God. You cannot give them to yourself
when you choose. If you say you will only be at your best for God, as
during those exceptional times, you actually become an intolerable
burden on Him. You will never do anything unless God keeps you
consciously aware of His inspiration to you at all times. If you make
a god out of your best moments, you will find that God will fade out
of your life, never to return until you are obedient in the work He
has placed closest to you, and until you have learned not to be
obsessed with those exceptional moments He has given you.

By Oswald Chambers

