http://utmost.org/the-distraction-of-contempt/

The Distraction of Contempt

Have mercy on us, O Lord, have mercy on us! For we are exceedingly
filled with contempt. —Psalm 123:3

What we must beware of is not damage to our belief in God but damage
to our Christian disposition or state of mind. “Take heed to your
spirit, that you do not deal treacherously” (Malachi 2:16). Our state
of mind is powerful in its effects. It can be the enemy that
penetrates right into our soul and distracts our mind from God. There
are certain attitudes we should never dare to indulge. If we do, we
will find they have distracted us from faith in God. Until we get back
into a quiet mood before Him, our faith is of no value, and our
confidence in the flesh and in human ingenuity is what rules our
lives.

Beware of “the cares of this world…” (Mark 4:19). They are the very
things that produce the wrong attitudes in our soul. It is incredible
what enormous power there is in simple things to distract our
attention away from God. Refuse to be swamped by “the cares of this
world.”

Another thing that distracts us is our passion for vindication. St.
Augustine prayed, “O Lord, deliver me from this lust of always
vindicating myself.” Such a need for constant vindication destroys our
soul’s faith in God. Don’t say, “I must explain myself,” or, “I must
get people to understand.” Our Lord never explained anything— He left
the misunderstandings or misconceptions of others to correct
themselves.

When we discern that other people are not growing spiritually and
allow that discernment to turn to criticism, we block our fellowship
with God. God never gives us discernment so that we may criticize, but
that we may intercede.

By Oswald Chambers

