https://utmost.org/a-bondservant-of-jesus/

A Bondservant of Jesus

I have been crucified with Christ; it is no longer I who live, but
Christ lives in me… —Galatians 2:20

These words mean the breaking and collapse of my independence brought
about by my own hands, and the surrendering of my life to the
supremacy of the Lord Jesus. No one can do this for me, I must do it
myself. God may bring me up to this point three hundred and sixty-five
times a year, but He cannot push me through it. It means breaking the
hard outer layer of my individual independence from God, and the
liberating of myself and my nature into oneness with Him; not
following my own ideas, but choosing absolute loyalty to Jesus. Once I
am at that point, there is no possibility of misunderstanding. Very
few of us know anything about loyalty to Christ or understand what He
meant when He said, “…for My sake” (Matthew 5:11). That is what makes
a strong saint.

Has that breaking of my independence come? All the rest is religious
fraud. The one point to decide is— will I give up? Will I surrender to
Jesus Christ, placing no conditions whatsoever as to how the
brokenness will come? I must be broken from my own understanding of
myself. When I reach that point, immediately the reality of the
supernatural identification with Jesus Christ takes place. And the
witness of the Spirit of God is unmistakable— “I have been crucified
with Christ….”

The passion of Christianity comes from deliberately signing away my
own rights and becoming a bondservant of Jesus Christ. Until I do
that, I will not begin to be a saint.

One student a year who hears God’s call would be sufficient for God to
have called the Bible Training College into existence. This college
has no value as an organization, not even academically. Its sole value
for existence is for God to help Himself to lives. Will we allow Him
to help Himself to us, or are we more concerned with our own ideas of
what we are going to be?

By Oswald Chambers

