http://utmost.org/the-go-of-reconciliation/

The “Go” of Reconciliation

If you…remember that your brother has something against you… —Matthew
5:23

This verse says, “If you bring your gift to the altar, and there
remember that your brother has something against you….” It is not
saying, “If you search and find something because of your unbalanced
sensitivity,” but, “If you…remember….” In other words, if something is
brought to your conscious mind by the Spirit of God— “First be
reconciled to your brother, and then come and offer your gift”
(Matthew 5:24). Never object to the intense sensitivity of the Spirit
of God in you when He is instructing you down to the smallest detail.

“First be reconciled to your brother….” Our Lord’s directive is
simple— “First be reconciled….” He says, in effect, “Go back the way
you came— the way indicated to you by the conviction given to you at
the altar; have an attitude in your mind and soul toward the person
who has something against you that makes reconciliation as natural as
breathing.” Jesus does not mention the other person— He says for you
to go. It is not a matter of your rights. The true mark of the saint
is that he can waive his own rights and obey the Lord Jesus.

“…and then come and offer your gift.” The process of reconciliation is
clearly marked. First we have the heroic spirit of self-sacrifice,
then the sudden restraint by the sensitivity of the Holy Spirit, and
then we are stopped at the point of our conviction. This is followed
by obedience to the Word of God, which builds an attitude or state of
mind that places no blame on the one with whom you have been in the
wrong. And finally there is the glad, simple, unhindered offering of
your gift to God.

By Oswald Chambers

