http://utmost.org/and-after-that-what%E2%80%99s-next-to-do/

And After That What’s Next To Do?

…seek, and you will find… —Luke 11:9

Seek if you have not found. “You ask and do not receive, because you
ask amiss…” (James 4:3). If you ask for things from life instead of
from God, “you ask amiss”; that is, you ask out of your desire for
self-fulfillment. The more you fulfill yourself the less you will seek
God. “…seek, and you will find….” Get to work— narrow your focus and
interests to this one thing. Have you ever sought God with your whole
heart, or have you simply given Him a feeble cry after some
emotionally painful experience? “…seek, [focus,] and you will find….”

“Ho! Everyone who thirsts, come to the waters…” (Isaiah 55:1). Are you
thirsty, or complacent and indifferent— so satisfied with your own
experience that you want nothing more of God? Experience is a doorway,
not a final goal. Beware of building your faith on experience, or your
life will not ring true and will only sound the note of a critical
spirit. Remember that you can never give another person what you have
found, but you can cause him to have a desire for it.

“…knock, and it will be opened to you” (Luke 11:9). “Draw near to
God…” (James 4:8). Knock— the door is closed, and your heartbeat races
as you knock. “Cleanse your hands…” (James 4:8). Knock a bit louder—
you begin to find that you are dirty. “…purify your hearts…” (James
4:8). It is becoming even more personal— you are desperate and serious
now— you will do anything. “Lament…” (James 4:9). Have you ever
lamented, expressing your sorrow before God for the condition of your
inner life? There is no thread of self-pity left, only the heart-
rending difficulty and amazement which comes from seeing what kind of
person you really are. “Humble yourselves…” (James 4:10). It is a
humbling experience to knock at God’s door— you have to knock with the
crucified thief. “…to him who knocks it will be opened” (Luke 11:10).

By Oswald Chambers

