http://utmost.org/do-you-see-jesus-in-your-clouds/

Do You See Jesus in Your Clouds?

Behold, He is coming with clouds… —Revelation 1:7

In the Bible clouds are always associated with God. Clouds are the
sorrows, sufferings, or providential circumstances, within or without
our personal lives, which actually seem to contradict the sovereignty
of God. Yet it is through these very clouds that the Spirit of God is
teaching us how to walk by faith. If there were never any clouds in
our lives, we would have no faith. “The clouds are the dust of His
feet” (Nahum 1:3). They are a sign that God is there. What a
revelation it is to know that sorrow, bereavement, and suffering are
actually the clouds that come along with God! God cannot come near us
without clouds— He does not come in clear-shining brightness.

It is not true to say that God wants to teach us something in our
trials. Through every cloud He brings our way, He wants us to unlearn
something. His purpose in using the cloud is to simplify our beliefs
until our relationship with Him is exactly like that of a child— a
relationship simply between God and our own souls, and where other
people are but shadows. Until other people become shadows to us,
clouds and darkness will be ours every once in a while. Is our
relationship with God becoming more simple than it has ever been?

There is a connection between the strange providential circumstances
allowed by God and what we know of Him, and we have to learn to
interpret the mysteries of life in the light of our knowledge of God.
Until we can come face to face with the deepest, darkest fact of life
without damaging our view of God’s character, we do not yet know Him.

“…they were fearful as they entered the cloud” (Luke 9:34). Is there
anyone except Jesus in your cloud? If so, it will only get darker
until you get to the place where there is “no one anymore, but only
Jesus …” (Mark 9:8; also see verses 2–7).

By Oswald Chambers

