http://utmost.org/the-purpose-of-prayer/

The Purpose of Prayer

…one of His disciples said to Him, "Lord, teach us to pray…" —Luke
11:1

Prayer is not a normal part of the life of the natural man. We hear it
said that a person’s life will suffer if he doesn’t pray, but I
question that. What will suffer is the life of the Son of God in him,
which is nourished not by food, but by prayer. When a person is born
again from above, the life of the Son of God is born in him, and he
can either starve or nourish that life. Prayer is the way that the
life of God in us is nourished. Our common ideas regarding prayer are
not found in the New Testament. We look upon prayer simply as a means
of getting things for ourselves, but the biblical purpose of prayer is
that we may get to know God Himself.

“Ask, and you will receive…” (John 16:24). We complain before God, and
sometimes we are apologetic or indifferent to Him, but we actually ask
Him for very few things. Yet a child exhibits a magnificent boldness
to ask! Our Lord said, “…unless you…become as little children…”
(Matthew 18:3). Ask and God will do. Give Jesus Christ the opportunity
and the room to work. The problem is that no one will ever do this
until he is at his wits’ end. When a person is at his wits’ end, it no
longer seems to be a cowardly thing to pray; in fact, it is the only
way he can get in touch with the truth and the reality of God Himself.
Be yourself before God and present Him with your problems— the very
things that have brought you to your wits’ end. But as long as you
think you are self-sufficient, you do not need to ask God for
anything.

To say that “prayer changes things” is not as close to the truth as
saying, “Prayer changes me and then I change things.” God has
established things so that prayer, on the basis of redemption, changes
the way a person looks at things. Prayer is not a matter of changing
things externally, but one of working miracles in a person’s inner
nature.

By Oswald Chambers

