http://utmost.org/living-simply%E2%80%94-yet-focused/

Living Simply— Yet Focused

Look at the birds of the air….Consider the lilies of the field…
—Matthew 6:26, 28

“Consider the lilies of the field, how they grow: they neither toil
nor spin”— they simply are! Think of the sea, the air, the sun, the
stars, and the moon— all of these simply are as well— yet what a
ministry and service they render on our behalf! So often we impair
God’s designed influence, which He desires to exhibit through us,
because of our own conscious efforts to be consistent and useful.
Jesus said there is only one way to develop and grow spiritually, and
that is through focusing and concentrating on God. In essence, Jesus
was saying, “Do not worry about being of use to others; simply believe
on Me.” In other words, pay attention to the Source, and out of you
“will flow rivers of living water” (John 7:38). We cannot discover the
source of our natural life through common sense and reasoning, and
Jesus is teaching here that growth in our spiritual life comes not
from focusing directly on it, but from concentrating on our Father in
heaven. Our heavenly Father knows our circumstances, and if we will
stay focused on Him, instead of our circumstances, we will grow
spiritually— just as “the lilies of the field.”

The people who influence us the most are not those who detain us with
their continual talk, but those who live their lives like the stars in
the sky and “the lilies of the field”— simply and unaffectedly. Those
are the lives that mold and shape us.

If you want to be of use to God, maintain the proper relationship with
Jesus Christ by staying focused on Him, and He will make use of you
every minute you live— yet you will be unaware, on the conscious level
of your life, that you are being used of Him.

By Oswald Chambers

