http://utmost.org/god’s-silence—-then-what/

God’s Silence— Then What?

When He heard that he was sick, He stayed two more days in the place
where He was. —John 11:6

Has God trusted you with His silence— a silence that has great
meaning? God’s silences are actually His answers. Just think of those
days of absolute silence in the home at Bethany! Is there anything
comparable to those days in your life? Can God trust you like that, or
are you still asking Him for a visible answer? God will give you the
very blessings you ask if you refuse to go any further without them,
but His silence is the sign that He is bringing you into an even more
wonderful understanding of Himself. Are you mourning before God
because you have not had an audible response? When you cannot hear
God, you will find that He has trusted you in the most intimate way
possible— with absolute silence, not a silence of despair, but one of
pleasure, because He saw that you could withstand an even bigger
revelation. If God has given you a silence, then praise Him— He is
bringing you into the mainstream of His purposes. The actual evidence
of the answer in time is simply a matter of God’s sovereignty. Time is
nothing to God. For a while you may have said, “I asked God to give me
bread, but He gave me a stone instead” (see Matthew 7:9). He did not
give you a stone, and today you find that He gave you the “bread of
life” (John 6:35).

A wonderful thing about God’s silence is that His stillness is
contagious— it gets into you, causing you to become perfectly
confident so that you can honestly say, “I know that God has heard
me.” His silence is the very proof that He has. As long as you have
the idea that God will always bless you in answer to prayer, He will
do it, but He will never give you the grace of His silence. If Jesus
Christ is bringing you into the understanding that prayer is for the
glorifying of His Father, then He will give you the first sign of His
intimacy— silence.

By Oswald Chambers

