http://utmost.org/what-is-that-to-you/

“What Is That to You?”

Peter…said to Jesus, "But Lord, what about this man?" Jesus said to
him, "…what is that to you? You follow Me." —John 21:21-22

One of the hardest lessons to learn comes from our stubborn refusal to
refrain from interfering in other people’s lives. It takes a long time
to realize the danger of being an amateur providence, that is,
interfering with God’s plan for others. You see someone suffering and
say, “He will not suffer, and I will make sure that he doesn’t.” You
put your hand right in front of God’s permissive will to stop it, and
then God says, “What is that to you?” Is there stagnation in your
spiritual life? Don’t allow it to continue, but get into God’s
presence and find out the reason for it. You will possibly find it is
because you have been interfering in the life of another— proposing
things you had no right to propose, or advising when you had no right
to advise. When you do have to give advice to another person, God will
advise through you with the direct understanding of His Spirit. Your
part is to maintain the right relationship with God so that His
discernment can come through you continually for the purpose of
blessing someone else.

Most of us live only within the level of consciousness— consciously
serving and consciously devoted to God. This shows immaturity and the
fact that we’re not yet living the real Christian life. Maturity is
produced in the life of a child of God on the unconscious level, until
we become so totally surrendered to God that we are not even aware of
being used by Him. When we are consciously aware of being used as
broken bread and poured-out wine, we have yet another level to reach—
a level where all awareness of ourselves and of what God is doing
through us is completely eliminated. A saint is never consciously a
saint— a saint is consciously dependent on God.

By Oswald Chambers

