http://utmost.org/the-light-that-never-fails/

The Light That Never Fails

We all, with unveiled face, beholding…the glory of the Lord… —2
Corinthians 3:18

A servant of God must stand so very much alone that he never realizes
he is alone. In the early stages of the Christian life,
disappointments will come— people who used to be lights will flicker
out, and those who used to stand with us will turn away. We have to
get so used to it that we will not even realize we are standing alone.
Paul said, “…no one stood with me, but all forsook me….But the Lord
stood with me and strengthened me…” (2 Timothy 4:16-17). We must build
our faith not on fading lights but on the Light that never fails. When
“important” individuals go away we are sad, until we see that they are
meant to go, so that only one thing is left for us to do— to look into
the face of God for ourselves.

Allow nothing to keep you from looking with strong determination into
the face of God regarding yourself and your doctrine. And every time
you preach make sure you look God in the face about the message first,
then the glory will remain through all of it. A Christian servant is
one who perpetually looks into the face of God and then goes forth to
talk to others. The ministry of Christ is characterized by an abiding
glory of which the servant is totally unaware— “…Moses did not know
that the skin of his face shone while he talked with Him” (Exodus
34:29).

We are never called on to display our doubts openly or to express the
hidden joys and delights of our life with God. The secret of the
servant’s life is that he stays in tune with God all the time.

By Oswald Chambers

