http://utmost.org/the-missionary%E2%80%99s-predestined-purpose/

The Missionary’s Predestined Purpose

Now the Lord says, who formed Me from the womb to be His Servant…
—Isaiah 49:5

The first thing that happens after we recognize our election by God in
Christ Jesus is the destruction of our preconceived ideas, our narrow-
minded thinking, and all of our other allegiances— we are turned
solely into servants of God’s own purpose. The entire human race was
created to glorify God and to enjoy Him forever. Sin has diverted the
human race onto another course, but it has not altered God’s purpose
to the slightest degree. And when we are born again we are brought
into the realization of God’s great purpose for the human race,
namely, that He created us for Himself. This realization of our
election by God is the most joyful on earth, and we must learn to rely
on this tremendous creative purpose of God. The first thing God will
do is force the interests of the whole world through the channel of
our hearts. The love of God, and even His very nature, is introduced
into us. And we see the nature of Almighty God purely focused in John
3:16— “For God so loved the world….”

We must continually keep our soul open to the fact of God’s creative
purpose, and never confuse or cloud it with our own intentions. If we
do, God will have to force our intentions aside no matter how much it
may hurt. A missionary is created for the purpose of being God’s
servant, one in whom God is glorified. Once we realize that it is
through the salvation of Jesus Christ that we are made perfectly fit
for the purpose of God, we will understand why Jesus Christ is so
strict and relentless in His demands. He demands absolute
righteousness from His servants, because He has put into them the very
nature of God.

Beware lest you forget God’s purpose for your life.

By Oswald Chambers

