http://utmost.org/his-nature-and-our-motives/

His Nature and Our Motives

…unless your righteousness exceeds the righteousness of the scribes
and Pharisees, you will by no means enter the kingdom of heaven.
—Matthew 5:20

The characteristic of a disciple is not that he does good things, but
that he is good in his motives, having been made good by the
supernatural grace of God. The only thing that exceeds right-doing is
right-being. Jesus Christ came to place within anyone who would let
Him a new heredity that would have a righteousness exceeding that of
the scribes and Pharisees. Jesus is saying, “If you are My disciple,
you must be right not only in your actions, but also in your motives,
your aspirations, and in the deep recesses of the thoughts of your
mind.” Your motives must be so pure that God Almighty can see nothing
to rebuke. Who can stand in the eternal light of God and have nothing
for Him to rebuke? Only the Son of God, and Jesus Christ claims that
through His redemption He can place within anyone His own nature and
make that person as pure and as simple as a child. The purity that God
demands is impossible unless I can be remade within, and that is
exactly what Jesus has undertaken to do through His redemption.

No one can make himself pure by obeying laws. Jesus Christ does not
give us rules and regulations— He gives us His teachings which are
truths that can only be interpreted by His nature which He places
within us. The great wonder of Jesus Christ’s salvation is that He
changes our heredity. He does not change human nature— He changes its
source, and thereby its motives as well.

By Oswald Chambers

