http://utmost.org/the-key-to-the-missionary%E2%80%99s-devotion/

The Key to the Missionary’s Devotion

…they went forth for His name’s sake… —3 John 7

Our Lord told us how our love for Him is to exhibit itself when He
asked, “Do you love Me?” (John 21:17). And then He said, “Feed My
sheep.” In effect, He said, “Identify yourself with My interests in
other people,” not, “Identify Me with your interests in other
people.” 1 Corinthians 13:4-8 shows us the characteristics of this
love— it is actually the love of God expressing itself. The true test
of my love for Jesus is a very practical one, and all the rest is
sentimental talk.

Faithfulness to Jesus Christ is the supernatural work of redemption
that has been performed in me by the Holy Spirit— “the love of God has
been poured out in our hearts by the Holy Spirit…” (Romans 5:5). And
it is that love in me that effectively works through me and comes in
contact with everyone I meet. I remain faithful to His name, even
though the commonsense view of my life may seemingly deny that, and
may appear to be declaring that He has no more power than the morning
mist.

The key to the missionary’s devotion is that he is attached to nothing
and to no one except our Lord Himself. It does not mean simply being
detached from the external things surrounding us. Our Lord was
amazingly in touch with the ordinary things of life, but He had an
inner detachment except toward God. External detachment is often an
actual indication of a secret, growing, inner attachment to the things
we stay away from externally.

The duty of a faithful missionary is to concentrate on keeping his
soul completely and continually open to the nature of the Lord Jesus
Christ. The men and women our Lord sends out on His endeavors are
ordinary human people, but people who are controlled by their devotion
to Him, which has been brought about through the work of the Holy
Spirit.

By Oswald Chambers

