https://utmost.org/have-you-felt-the-pain-inflicted-by-the-lord/

Have You Felt the Pain Inflicted by the Lord?

He said to him the third time, "…do you love Me?" —John 21:17

Have you ever felt the pain, inflicted by the Lord, at the very center
of your being, deep down in the most sensitive area of your life? The
devil never inflicts pain there, and neither can sin nor human
emotions. Nothing can cut through to that part of our being but the
Word of God. “Peter was grieved because He said to him the third time,
‘Do you love Me?’ ” Yet he was awakened to the fact that at the center
of his personal life he was devoted to Jesus. And then he began to see
what Jesus’ patient questioning meant. There was not the slightest bit
of doubt left in Peter’s mind; he could never be deceived again. And
there was no need for an impassioned response; no need for immediate
action or an emotional display. It was a revelation to him to realize
how much he did love the Lord, and with amazement he simply said,
“Lord, You know all things….” Peter began to see how very much he did
love Jesus, and there was no need to say, “Look at this or that as
proof of my love.” Peter was beginning to discover within himself just
how much he really did love the Lord. He discovered that his eyes were
so fixed on Jesus Christ that he saw no one else in heaven above or on
the earth below. But he did not know it until the probing, hurting
questions of the Lord were asked. The Lord’s questions always reveal
the true me to myself.

Oh, the wonder of the patient directness and skill of Jesus Christ
with Peter! Our Lord never asks questions until the perfect time.
Rarely, but probably once in each of our lives, He will back us into a
corner where He will hurt us with His piercing questions. Then we will
realize that we do love Him far more deeply than our words can ever
say.

By Oswald Chambers

