https://utmost.org/partakers-of-his-suffering/

Partakers of His Suffering

…but rejoice to the extent that you partake of Christ’s sufferings… —1
Peter 4:13

If you are going to be used by God, He will take you through a number
of experiences that are not meant for you personally at all. They are
designed to make you useful in His hands, and to enable you to
understand what takes place in the lives of others. Because of this
process, you will never be surprised by what comes your way. You say,
“Oh, I can’t deal with that person.” Why can’t you? God gave you
sufficient opportunities to learn from Him about that problem; but you
turned away, not heeding the lesson, because it seemed foolish to
spend your time that way.

The sufferings of Christ were not those of ordinary people. He
suffered “according to the will of God” (1 Peter 4:19), having a
different point of view of suffering from ours. It is only through our
relationship with Jesus Christ that we can understand what God is
after in His dealings with us. When it comes to suffering, it is part
of our Christian culture to want to know God’s purpose beforehand. In
the history of the Christian church, the tendency has been to avoid
being identified with the sufferings of Jesus Christ. People have
sought to carry out God’s orders through a shortcut of their own.
God’s way is always the way of suffering— the way of the “long road
home.”

Are we partakers of Christ’s sufferings? Are we prepared for God to
stamp out our personal ambitions? Are we prepared for God to destroy
our individual decisions by supernaturally transforming them? It will
mean not knowing why God is taking us that way, because knowing would
make us spiritually proud. We never realize at the time what God is
putting us through— we go through it more or less without
understanding. Then suddenly we come to a place of enlightenment, and
realize— “God has strengthened me and I didn’t even know it!”

By Oswald Chambers

