http://utmost.org/do-you-worship-the-work/

Do You Worship The Work?

We are God’s fellow workers… —1 Corinthians 3:9

Beware of any work for God that causes or allows you to avoid
concentrating on Him. A great number of Christian workers worship
their work. The only concern of Christian workers should be their
concentration on God. This will mean that all the other boundaries of
life, whether they are mental, moral, or spiritual limits, are
completely free with the freedom God gives His child; that is, a
worshiping child, not a wayward one. A worker who lacks this serious
controlling emphasis of concentration on God is apt to become overly
burdened by his work. He is a slave to his own limits, having no
freedom of his body, mind, or spirit. Consequently, he becomes burned
out and defeated. There is no freedom and no delight in life at all.
His nerves, mind, and heart are so overwhelmed that God’s blessing
cannot rest on him.

But the opposite case is equally true– once our concentration is on
God, all the limits of our life are free and under the control and
mastery of God alone. There is no longer any responsibility on you for
the work. The only responsibility you have is to stay in living
constant touch with God, and to see that you allow nothing to hinder
your cooperation with Him. The freedom that comes after sanctification
is the freedom of a child, and the things that used to hold your life
down are gone. But be careful to remember that you have been freed for
only one thing– to be absolutely devoted to your co-Worker.

We have no right to decide where we should be placed, or to have
preconceived ideas as to what God is preparing us to do. God engineers
everything; and wherever He places us, our one supreme goal should be
to pour out our lives in wholehearted devotion to Him in that
particular work. “Whatever your hand finds to do, do it with your
might…” (Ecclesiastes 9:10).

By Oswald Chambers

