http://utmost.org/get-moving-2/

Get Moving! (2)

Also…add to your faith… —2 Peter 1:5

In the matter of drudgery. Peter said in this passage that we have
become “partakers of the divine nature” and that we should now be
“giving all diligence,” concentrating on forming godly habits (2 Peter
1:4-5). We are to “add” to our lives all that character means. No one
is born either naturally or supernaturally with character; it must be
developed. Nor are we born with habits— we have to form godly habits
on the basis of the new life God has placed within us. We are not
meant to be seen as God’s perfect, bright-shining examples, but to be
seen as the everyday essence of ordinary life exhibiting the miracle
of His grace. Drudgery is the test of genuine character. The greatest
hindrance in our spiritual life is that we will only look for big
things to do. Yet, “Jesus…took a towel and…began to wash the
disciples’ feet…” (John 13:3-5).

We all have those times when there are no flashes of light and no
apparent thrill to life, where we experience nothing but the daily
routine with its common everyday tasks. The routine of life is
actually God’s way of saving us between our times of great inspiration
which come from Him. Don’t always expect God to give you His thrilling
moments, but learn to live in those common times of the drudgery of
life by the power of God.

It is difficult for us to do the “adding” that Peter mentioned here.
We say we do not expect God to take us to heaven on flowery beds of
ease, and yet we act as if we do! I must realize that my obedience
even in the smallest detail of life has all of the omnipotent power of
the grace of God behind it. If I will do my duty, not for duty’s sake
but because I believe God is engineering my circumstances, then at the
very point of my obedience all of the magnificent grace of God is mine
through the glorious atonement by the Cross of Christ.

By Oswald Chambers

