http://utmost.org/acquainted-with-grief/

“Acquainted With Grief”

He is…a Man of sorrows and acquainted with grief. —Isaiah 53:3

We are not “acquainted with grief” in the same way our Lord was
acquainted with it. We endure it and live through it, but we do not
become intimate with it. At the beginning of our lives we do not bring
ourselves to the point of dealing with the reality of sin. We look at
life through the eyes of reason and say that if a person will control
his instincts, and educate himself, he can produce a life that will
slowly evolve into the life of God. But as we continue on through
life, we find the presence of something which we have not yet taken
into account, namely, sin— and it upsets all of our thinking and our
plans. Sin has made the foundation of our thinking unpredictable,
uncontrollable, and irrational.

We have to recognize that sin is a fact of life, not just a
shortcoming. Sin is blatant mutiny against God, and either sin or God
must die in my life. The New Testament brings us right down to this
one issue— if sin rules in me, God’s life in me will be killed; if God
rules in me, sin in me will be killed. There is nothing more
fundamental than that. The culmination of sin was the crucifixion of
Jesus Christ, and what was true in the history of God on earth will
also be true in your history and in mine— that is, sin will kill the
life of God in us. We must mentally bring ourselves to terms with this
fact of sin. It is the only explanation why Jesus Christ came to
earth, and it is the explanation of the grief and sorrow of life.

By Oswald Chambers

