http://utmost.org/the-spiritually-lazy-saint/

The Spiritually Lazy Saint

Let us consider one another in order to stir up love and good works,
not forsaking the assembling of ourselves together… —Hebrews 10:24-25

We are all capable of being spiritually lazy saints. We want to stay
off the rough roads of life, and our primary objective is to secure a
peaceful retreat from the world. The ideas put forth in these verses
from Hebrews 10 are those of stirring up one another and of keeping
ourselves together. Both of these require initiative— our willingness
to take the first step toward Christ-realization, not the initiative
toward self-realization. To live a distant, withdrawn, and secluded
life is diametrically opposed to spirituality as Jesus Christ taught
it.

The true test of our spirituality occurs when we come up against
injustice, degradation, ingratitude, and turmoil, all of which have
the tendency to make us spiritually lazy. While being tested, we want
to use prayer and Bible reading for the purpose of finding a quiet
retreat. We use God only for the sake of getting peace and joy. We
seek only our enjoyment of Jesus Christ, not a true realization of
Him. This is the first step in the wrong direction. All these things
we are seeking are simply effects, and yet we try to make them causes.

“Yes, I think it is right,” Peter said, “…to stir you up by reminding
you…” (2 Peter 1:13). It is a most disturbing thing to be hit squarely
in the stomach by someone being used of God to stir us up— someone who
is full of spiritual activity. Simple active work and spiritual
activity are not the same thing. Active work can actually be the
counterfeit of spiritual activity. The real danger in spiritual
laziness is that we do not want to be stirred up— all we want to hear
about is a spiritual retirement from the world. Yet Jesus Christ never
encourages the idea of retirement— He says, “Go and tell My brethren…”
(Matthew 28:10).

By Oswald Chambers

