http://utmost.org/missionary-weapons-2/

Missionary Weapons (2)

If I then, your Lord and Teacher, have washed your feet, you also
ought to wash one another’s feet. —John 13:14

Ministering in Everyday Opportunities. Ministering in everyday
opportunities that surround us does not mean that we select our own
surroundings— it means being God’s very special choice to be available
for use in any of the seemingly random surroundings which He has
engineered for us. The very character we exhibit in our present
surroundings is an indication of what we will be like in other
surroundings.

The things Jesus did were the most menial of everyday tasks, and this
is an indication that it takes all of God’s power in me to accomplish
even the most common tasks in His way. Can I use a towel as He did?
Towels, dishes, sandals, and all the other ordinary things in our
lives reveal what we are made of more quickly than anything else. It
takes God Almighty Incarnate in us to do the most menial duty as it
ought to be done.

Jesus said, “I have given you an example, that you should do as I have
done to you” (John 13:15). Notice the kind of people that God brings
around you, and you will be humiliated once you realize that this is
actually His way of revealing to you the kind of person you have been
to Him. Now He says we should exhibit to those around us exactly what
He has exhibited to us.

Do you find yourself responding by saying, “Oh, I will do all that
once I’m out on the mission field”? Talking in this way is like trying
to produce the weapons of war while in the trenches of the
battlefield— you will be killed while trying to do it.

We have to go the “second mile” with God (see Matthew 5:41). Yet some
of us become worn out in the first ten steps. Then we say, “Well, I’ll
just wait until I get closer to the next big crisis in my life.” But
if we do not steadily minister in everyday opportunities, we will do
nothing when the crisis comes.

By Oswald Chambers

