http://utmost.org/am-i-my-brother%E2%80%99s-keeper/

“Am I My Brother’s Keeper?”

None of us lives to himself… —Romans 14:7

Has it ever dawned on you that you are responsible spiritually to God
for other people? For instance, if I allow any turning away from God
in my private life, everyone around me suffers. We “sit together in
the heavenly places…” (Ephesians 2:6). “If one member suffers, all the
members suffer with it…” (1 Corinthians 12:26). If you allow physical
selfishness, mental carelessness, moral insensitivity, or spiritual
weakness, everyone in contact with you will suffer. But you ask, “Who
is sufficient to be able to live up to such a lofty standard?” “Our
sufficiency is from God…” and God alone (2 Corinthians 3:5).

“You shall be witnesses to Me…” (Acts 1:8). How many of us are willing
to spend every bit of our nervous, mental, moral, and spiritual energy
for Jesus Christ? That is what God means when He uses the word
witness. But it takes time, so be patient with yourself. Why has God
left us on the earth? Is it simply to be saved and sanctified? No, it
is to be at work in service to Him. Am I willing to be broken bread
and poured-out wine for Him? Am I willing to be of no value to this
age or this life except for one purpose and one alone— to be used to
disciple men and women to the Lord Jesus Christ. My life of service to
God is the way I say “thank you” to Him for His inexpressibly
wonderful salvation. Remember, it is quite possible for God to set any
of us aside if we refuse to be of service to Him— “…lest, when I have
preached to others, I myself should become disqualified” (1
Corinthians 9:27).

By Oswald Chambers

