http://utmost.org/taking-possession-of-our-own-soul/

Taking Possession of Our Own Soul

By your patience possess your souls. —Luke 21:19

When a person is born again, there is a period of time when he does
not have the same vitality in his thinking or reasoning that he
previously had. We must learn to express this new life within us,
which comes by forming the mind of Christ (see Philippians 2:5). Luke
21:19 means that we take possession of our souls through patience. But
many of us prefer to stay at the entrance to the Christian life,
instead of going on to create and build our soul in accordance with
the new life God has placed within us. We fail because we are ignorant
of the way God has made us, and we blame things on the devil that are
actually the result of our own undisciplined natures. Just think what
we could be when we are awakened to the truth!

There are certain things in life that we need not pray about— moods,
for instance. We will never get rid of moodiness by praying, but we
will by kicking it out of our lives. Moods nearly always are rooted in
some physical circumstance, not in our true inner self. It is a
continual struggle not to listen to the moods which arise as a result
of our physical condition, but we must never submit to them for a
second. We have to pick ourselves up by the back of the neck and shake
ourselves; then we will find that we can do what we believed we were
unable to do. The problem that most of us are cursed with is simply
that we won’t. The Christian life is one of spiritual courage and
determination lived out in our flesh.

By Oswald Chambers

