https://utmost.org/how-could-someone-so-persecute-jesus/

How Could Someone So Persecute Jesus!

Saul, Saul, why are you persecuting me? —Acts 26:14

Are you determined to have your own way in living for God? We will
never be free from this trap until we are brought into the experience
of the baptism of “the Holy Spirit and fire” (Matthew 3:11).
Stubbornness and self-will will always stab Jesus Christ. It may hurt
no one else, but it wounds His Spirit. Whenever we are obstinate and
self-willed and set on our own ambitions, we are hurting Jesus. Every
time we stand on our own rights and insist that this is what we intend
to do, we are persecuting Him. Whenever we rely on self-respect, we
systematically disturb and grieve His Spirit. And when we finally
understand that it is Jesus we have been persecuting all this time, it
is the most crushing revelation ever.

Is the Word of God tremendously penetrating and sharp in me as I hand
it on to you, or does my life betray the things I profess to teach? I
may teach sanctification and yet exhibit the spirit of Satan, the very
spirit that persecutes Jesus Christ. The Spirit of Jesus is conscious
of only one thing— a perfect oneness with the Father. And He tells us,
“Take My yoke upon you and learn from Me, for I am gentle and lowly in
heart, and you will find rest for your souls” (Matthew 11:29). All I
do should be based on a perfect oneness with Him, not on a self-willed
determination to be godly. This will mean that others may use me, go
around me, or completely ignore me, but if I will submit to it for His
sake, I will prevent Jesus Christ from being persecuted.

By Oswald Chambers

