http://utmost.org/watching-with-jesus/

Watching With Jesus

Stay here and watch with Me. —Matthew 26:38

“Watch with Me.” Jesus was saying, in effect, “Watch with no private
point of view at all, but watch solely and entirely with Me.” In the
early stages of our Christian life, we do not watch with Jesus, we
watch for Him. We do not watch with Him through the revealed truth of
the Bible even in the circumstances of our own lives. Our Lord is
trying to introduce us to identification with Himself through a
particular “Gethsemane” experience of our own. But we refuse to go,
saying, “No, Lord, I can’t see the meaning of this, and besides, it’s
very painful.” And how can we possibly watch with Someone who is so
incomprehensible? How are we going to understand Jesus sufficiently to
watch with Him in His Gethsemane, when we don’t even know why He is
suffering? We don’t know how to watch with Him— we are only used to
the idea of Jesus watching with us.

The disciples loved Jesus Christ to the limit of their natural
capacity, but they did not fully understand His purpose. In the Garden
of Gethsemane they slept as a result of their own sorrow, and at the
end of three years of the closest and most intimate relationship of
their lives they “all…forsook Him and fled” (Matthew 26:56).

“They were all filled with the Holy Spirit…” (Acts 2:4). “They” refers
to the same people, but something wonderful has happened between these
two events— our Lord’s death, resurrection, and ascension— and the
disciples have now been invaded and “filled with the Holy Spirit.” Our
Lord had said, “You shall receive power when the Holy Spirit has come
upon you…” (Acts 1:8). This meant that they learned to watch with Him
the rest of their lives.

By Oswald Chambers

