http://utmost.org/spontaneous-love/

Spontaneous Love

Love suffers long and is kind… —1 Corinthians 13:4

Love is not premeditated– it is spontaneous; that is, it bursts forth
in extraordinary ways. There is nothing of precise certainty in Paul’s
description of love. We cannot predetermine our thoughts and actions
by saying, “Now I will never think any evil thoughts, and I will
believe everything that Jesus would have me to believe.” No, the
characteristic of love is spontaneity. We don’t deliberately set the
statements of Jesus before us as our standard, but when His Spirit is
having His way with us, we live according to His standard without even
realizing it. And when we look back, we are amazed at how unconcerned
we have been over our emotions, which is the very evidence that real
spontaneous love was there. The nature of everything involved in the
life of God in us is only discerned when we have been through it and
it is in our past.

The fountains from which love flows are in God, not in us. It is
absurd to think that the love of God is naturally in our hearts, as a
result of our own nature. His love is there only because it “has been
poured out in our hearts by the Holy Spirit…” (Romans 5:5).

If we try to prove to God how much we love Him, it is a sure sign that
we really don’t love Him. The evidence of our love for Him is the
absolute spontaneity of our love, which flows naturally from His
nature within us. And when we look back, we will not be able to
determine why we did certain things, but we can know that we did them
according to the spontaneous nature of His love in us. The life of God
exhibits itself in this spontaneous way because the fountains of His
love are in the Holy Spirit.

By Oswald Chambers

