http://utmost.org/intimate-with-jesus/

Intimate With Jesus

Jesus said to him, "Have I been with you so long, and yet you have not
known Me, Philip?" —John 14:9

These words were not spoken as a rebuke, nor even with surprise; Jesus
was encouraging Philip to draw closer. Yet the last person we get
intimate with is Jesus. Before Pentecost the disciples knew Jesus as
the One who gave them power to conquer demons and to bring about a
revival (see Luke 10:18-20). It was a wonderful intimacy, but there
was a much closer intimacy to come: “…I have called you friends…”
(John 15:15). True friendship is rare on earth. It means identifying
with someone in thought, heart, and spirit. The whole experience of
life is designed to enable us to enter into this closest relationship
with Jesus Christ. We receive His blessings and know His Word, but do
we really know Him?

Jesus said, “It is to your advantage that I go away…” (John 16:7). He
left that relationship to lead them even closer. It is a joy to Jesus
when a disciple takes time to walk more intimately with Him. The
bearing of fruit is always shown in Scripture to be the visible result
of an intimate relationship with Jesus Christ (see John 15:1-4).

Once we get intimate with Jesus we are never lonely and we never lack
for understanding or compassion. We can continually pour out our
hearts to Him without being perceived as overly emotional or pitiful.
The Christian who is truly intimate with Jesus will never draw
attention to himself but will only show the evidence of a life where
Jesus is completely in control. This is the outcome of allowing Jesus
to satisfy every area of life to its depth. The picture resulting from
such a life is that of the strong, calm balance that our Lord gives to
those who are intimate with Him.

By Oswald Chambers

