http://utmost.org/prayerful-inner-searching/

Prayerful Inner-Searching

May your whole spirit, soul, and body be preserved blameless… —1
Thessalonians 5:23

“Your whole spirit….” The great, mysterious work of the Holy Spirit is
in the deep recesses of our being which we cannot reach. Read Psalm
139. The psalmist implies— “O Lord, You are the God of the early
mornings, the God of the late nights, the God of the mountain peaks,
and the God of the sea. But, my God, my soul has horizons further away
than those of early mornings, deeper darkness than the nights of
earth, higher peaks than any mountain peaks, greater depths than any
sea in nature. You who are the God of all these, be my God. I cannot
reach to the heights or to the depths; there are motives I cannot
discover, dreams I cannot realize. My God, search me.”

Do we believe that God can fortify and protect our thought processes
far beyond where we can go? “…the blood of Jesus Christ His Son
cleanses us from all sin” (1 John 1:7). If this verse means cleansing
only on our conscious level, may God have mercy on us. The man who has
been dulled by sin will say that he is not even conscious of it. But
the cleansing from sin we experience will reach to the heights and
depths of our spirit if we will “walk in the light as He is in the
light” (1 John 1:7). The same Spirit that fed the life of Jesus Christ
will feed the life of our spirit. It is only when we are protected by
God with the miraculous sacredness of the Holy Spirit that our spirit,
soul, and body can be preserved in pure uprightness until the coming
of Jesus-no longer condemned in God’s sight.

We should more frequently allow our minds to meditate on these great,
massive truths of God.

By Oswald Chambers

