http://utmost.org/continuous-conversion/

Continuous Conversion

…unless you are converted and become as little children, you will by
no means enter the kingdom of heaven. —Matthew 18:3

These words of our Lord refer to our initial conversion, but we should
continue to turn to God as children, being continuously converted
every day of our lives. If we trust in our own abilities, instead of
God’s, we produce consequences for which God will hold us responsible.
When God through His sovereignty brings us into new situations, we
should immediately make sure that our natural life submits to the
spiritual, obeying the orders of the Spirit of God. Just because we
have responded properly in the past is no guarantee that we will do so
again. The response of the natural to the spiritual should be
continuous conversion, but this is where we so often refuse to be
obedient. No matter what our situation is, the Spirit of God remains
unchanged and His salvation unaltered. But we must “put on the new
man…” (Ephesians 4:24). God holds us accountable every time we refuse
to convert ourselves, and He sees our refusal as willful disobedience.
Our natural life must not rule— God must rule in us.

To refuse to be continuously converted puts a stumbling block in the
growth of our spiritual life. There are areas of self-will in our
lives where our pride pours contempt on the throne of God and says, “I
won’t submit.” We deify our independence and self-will and call them
by the wrong name. What God sees as stubborn weakness, we call
strength. There are whole areas of our lives that have not yet been
brought into submission, and this can only be done by this continuous
conversion. Slowly but surely we can claim the whole territory for the
Spirit of God.

By Oswald Chambers

