http://utmost.org/the-devotion-of-hearing/

The Devotion of Hearing

Samuel answered, "Speak, for Your servant hears." —1 Samuel 3:10

Just because I have listened carefully and intently to one thing from
God does not mean that I will listen to everything He says. I show God
my lack of love and respect for Him by the insensitivity of my heart
and mind toward what He says. If I love my friend, I will
instinctively understand what he wants. And Jesus said, “You are My
friends…” (John 15:14). Have I disobeyed some command of my Lord’s
this week? If I had realized that it was a command of Jesus, I would
not have deliberately disobeyed it. But most of us show incredible
disrespect to God because we don’t even hear Him. He might as well
never have spoken to us.

The goal of my spiritual life is such close identification with Jesus
Christ that I will always hear God and know that God always hears me
(see John 11:41). If I am united with Jesus Christ, I hear God all the
time through the devotion of hearing. A flower, a tree, or a servant
of God may convey God’s message to me. What hinders me from hearing is
my attention to other things. It is not that I don’t want to hear God,
but I am not devoted in the right areas of my life. I am devoted to
things and even to service and my own convictions. God may say
whatever He wants, but I just don’t hear Him. The attitude of a child
of God should always be, “Speak, for Your servant hears.” If I have
not developed and nurtured this devotion of hearing, I can only hear
God’s voice at certain times. At other times I become deaf to Him
because my attention is to other things— things which I think I must
do. This is not living the life of a child of God. Have you heard
God’s voice today?

By Oswald Chambers

