http://utmost.org/i-indeed-but-he/

“I Indeed. . . But He”

I indeed baptize you with water…but He…will baptize you with the Holy
Spirit and fire. —Matthew 3:11

Have I ever come to the point in my life where I can say, “I
indeed…but He…”? Until that moment comes, I will never know what the
baptism of the Holy Spirit means. I indeed am at the end, and I cannot
do anything more— but He begins right there— He does the things that
no one else can ever do. Am I prepared for His coming? Jesus cannot
come and do His work in me as long as there is anything blocking the
way, whether it is something good or bad. When He comes to me, am I
prepared for Him to drag every wrong thing I have ever done into the
light? That is exactly where He comes. Wherever I know I am unclean is
where He will put His feet and stand, and wherever I think I am clean
is where He will remove His feet and walk away.

Repentance does not cause a sense of sin— it causes a sense of
inexpressible unworthiness. When I repent, I realize that I am
absolutely helpless, and I know that through and through I am not
worthy even to carry His sandals. Have I repented like that, or do I
have a lingering thought of possibly trying to defend my actions? The
reason God cannot come into my life is that I am not at the point of
complete repentance.

“He will baptize you with the Holy Spirit and fire.” John is not
speaking here of the baptism of the Holy Spirit as an experience, but
as a work performed by Jesus Christ. “He will baptize you….” The only
experience that those who are baptized with the Holy Spirit are ever
conscious of is the experience of sensing their absolute unworthiness.

“I indeed” was this in the past, “but He” came and something
miraculous happened. Get to the end of yourself where you can do
nothing, but where He does everything.

By Oswald Chambers

