http://utmost.org/the-assigning-of-the-call/

The Assigning of the Call

I now rejoice in my sufferings for you, and fill up in my flesh what
is lacking in the afflictions of Christ, for the sake of His body,
which is the church… —Colossians 1:24

We take our own spiritual consecration and try to make it into a call
of God, but when we get right with Him He brushes all this aside. Then
He gives us a tremendous, riveting pain to fasten our attention on
something that we never even dreamed could be His call for us. And for
one radiant, flashing moment we see His purpose, and we say, “Here am
I! Send me” (Isaiah 6:8).

This call has nothing to do with personal sanctification, but with
being made broken bread and poured-out wine. Yet God can never make us
into wine if we object to the fingers He chooses to use to crush us.
We say, “If God would only use His own fingers, and make me broken
bread and poured-out wine in a special way, then I wouldn’t object!”
But when He uses someone we dislike, or some set of circumstances to
which we said we would never submit, to crush us, then we object. Yet
we must never try to choose the place of our own martyrdom. If we are
ever going to be made into wine, we will have to be crushed—you cannot
drink grapes. Grapes become wine only when they have been squeezed.

I wonder what finger and thumb God has been using to squeeze you? Have
you been as hard as a marble and escaped? If you are not ripe yet, and
if God had squeezed you anyway, the wine produced would have been
remarkably bitter. To be a holy person means that the elements of our
natural life experience the very presence of God as they are
providentially broken in His service. We have to be placed into God
and brought into agreement with Him before we can be broken bread in
His hands. Stay right with God and let Him do as He likes, and you
will find that He is producing the kind of bread and wine that will
benefit His other children.

By Oswald Chambers

