http://utmost.org/the-law-and-the-gospel/

The Law and the Gospel

Whoever shall keep the whole law, and yet stumble in one point, he is
guilty of all. —James 2:10

The moral law does not consider our weaknesses as human beings; in
fact, it does not take into account our heredity or infirmities. It
simply demands that we be absolutely moral. The moral law never
changes, either for the highest of society or for the weakest in the
world. It is enduring and eternally the same. The moral law, ordained
by God, does not make itself weak to the weak by excusing our
shortcomings. It remains absolute for all time and eternity. If we are
not aware of this, it is because we are less than alive. Once we do
realize it, our life immediately becomes a fatal tragedy. “I was alive
once without the law, but when the commandment came, sin revived and I
died” (Romans 7:9). The moment we realize this, the Spirit of God
convicts us of sin. Until a person gets there and sees that there is
no hope, the Cross of Christ remains absurd to him. Conviction of sin
always brings a fearful, confining sense of the law. It makes a person
hopeless— “…sold under sin” (Romans 7:14). I, a guilty sinner, can
never work to get right with God— it is impossible. There is only one
way by which I can get right with God, and that is through the death
of Jesus Christ. I must get rid of the underlying idea that I can ever
be right with God because of my obedience. Who of us could ever obey
God to absolute perfection!

We only begin to realize the power of the moral law once we see that
it comes with a condition and a promise. But God never coerces us.
Sometimes we wish He would make us be obedient, and at other times we
wish He would leave us alone. Whenever God’s will is in complete
control, He removes all pressure. And when we deliberately choose to
obey Him, He will reach to the remotest star and to the ends of the
earth to assist us with all of His almighty power.

By Oswald Chambers

