http://utmost.org/the-concentration-of-personal-sin/

The Concentration of Personal Sin

Woe is me, for I am undone! Because I am a man of unclean lips…
—Isaiah 6:5

When I come into the very presence of God, I do not realize that I am
a sinner in an indefinite sense, but I suddenly realize and the focus
of my attention is directed toward the concentration of sin in a
particular area of my life. A person will easily say, “Oh yes, I know
I am a sinner,” but when he comes into the presence of God he cannot
get away with such a broad and indefinite statement. Our conviction is
focused on our specific sin, and we realize, as Isaiah did, what we
really are. This is always the sign that a person is in the presence
of God. There is never any vague sense of sin, but a focusing on the
concentration of sin in some specific, personal area of life. God
begins by convicting us of the very thing to which His Spirit has
directed our mind’s attention. If we will surrender, submitting to His
conviction of that particular sin, He will lead us down to where He
can reveal the vast underlying nature of sin. That is the way God
always deals with us when we are consciously aware of His presence.

This experience of our attention being directed to our concentration
of personal sin is true in everyone’s life, from the greatest of
saints to the worst of sinners. When a person first begins climbing
the ladder of experience, he might say, “I don’t know where I’ve gone
wrong,” but the Spirit of God will point out some definite and
specific thing to him. The effect of Isaiah’s vision of the holiness
of the Lord was the directing of his attention to the fact that he was
“a man of unclean lips.” “He touched my mouth with it, and said:
‘Behold, this has touched your lips; your iniquity is taken away, and
your sin purged’ ” (Isaiah 6:7). The cleansing fire had to be applied
where the sin had been concentrated.

By Oswald Chambers

