https://utmost.org/the-authority-of-truth/

The Authority of Truth

Draw near to God and He will draw near to you. —James 4:8

It is essential that you give people the opportunity to act on the
truth of God. The responsibility must be left with the individual— you
cannot act for him. It must be his own deliberate act, but the
evangelical message should always lead him to action. Refusing to act
leaves a person paralyzed, exactly where he was previously. But once
he acts, he is never the same. It is the apparent folly of the truth
that stands in the way of hundreds who have been convicted by the
Spirit of God. Once I press myself into action, I immediately begin to
live. Anything less is merely existing. The moments I truly live are
the moments when I act with my entire will.

When a truth of God is brought home to your soul, never allow it to
pass without acting on it internally in your will, not necessarily
externally in your physical life. Record it with ink and with blood—
work it into your life. The weakest saint who transacts business with
Jesus Christ is liberated the second he acts and God’s almighty power
is available on his behalf. We come up to the truth of God, confess we
are wrong, but go back again. Then we approach it again and turn back,
until we finally learn we have no business going back. When we are
confronted with such a word of truth from our redeeming Lord, we must
move directly to transact business with Him. “Come to Me…” (Matthew
11:28). His word come means “to act.” Yet the last thing we want to do
is come. But everyone who does come knows that, at that very moment,
the supernatural power of the life of God invades him. The dominating
power of the world, the flesh, and the devil is now paralyzed; not by
your act, but because your act has joined you to God and tapped you in
to His redemptive power.

By Oswald Chambers

