http://utmost.org/the-spiritually-self-seeking-church/

The Spiritually Self-Seeking Church

…till we all come…to the measure of the stature of the fullness of
Christ… —Ephesians 4:13

Reconciliation means the restoring of the relationship between the
entire human race and God, putting it back to what God designed it to
be. This is what Jesus Christ did in redemption. The church ceases to
be spiritual when it becomes self-seeking, only interested in the
development of its own organization. The reconciliation of the human
race according to His plan means realizing Him not only in our lives
individually, but also in our lives collectively. Jesus Christ sent
apostles and teachers for this very purpose— that the corporate Person
of Christ and His church, made up of many members, might be brought
into being and made known. We are not here to develop a spiritual life
of our own, or to enjoy a quiet spiritual retreat. We are here to have
the full realization of Jesus Christ, for the purpose of building His
body.

Am I building up the body of Christ, or am I only concerned about my
own personal development? The essential thing is my personal
relationship with Jesus Christ— “…that I may know Him…” (Philippians
3:10). To fulfill God’s perfect design for me requires my total
surrender— complete abandonment of myself to Him. Whenever I only want
things for myself, the relationship is distorted. And I will suffer
great humiliation once I come to acknowledge and understand that I
have not really been concerned about realizing Jesus Christ Himself,
but only concerned with knowing what He has done for me.

My goal is God Himself, not joy nor peace, Nor even blessing, but
Himself, my God.

Am I measuring my life by this standard or by something less?

By Oswald Chambers

