http://utmost.org/getting-there-3/

Getting There (3)

…come, follow Me. —Luke 18:22

Where our individual desire dies and sanctified surrender lives. One
of the greatest hindrances in coming to Jesus is the excuse of our own
individual temperament. We make our temperament and our natural
desires barriers to coming to Jesus. Yet the first thing we realize
when we do come to Jesus is that He pays no attention whatsoever to
our natural desires. We have the idea that we can dedicate our gifts
to God. However, you cannot dedicate what is not yours. There is
actually only one thing you can dedicate to God, and that is your
right to yourself (see Romans 12:1). If you will give God your right
to yourself, He will make a holy experiment out of you— and His
experiments always succeed. The one true mark of a saint of God is the
inner creativity that flows from being totally surrendered to Jesus
Christ. In the life of a saint there is this amazing Well, which is a
continual Source of original life. The Spirit of God is a Well of
water springing up perpetually fresh. A saint realizes that it is God
who engineers his circumstances; consequently there are no complaints,
only unrestrained surrender to Jesus. Never try to make your
experience a principle for others, but allow God to be as creative and
original with others as He is with you.

If you abandon everything to Jesus, and come when He says, “Come,”
then He will continue to say, “Come,” through you. You will go out
into the world reproducing the echo of Christ’s “Come.” That is the
result in every soul who has abandoned all and come to Jesus.

Have I come to Him? Will I come now?

By Oswald Chambers

