https://utmost.org/my-rainbow-in-the-cloud/

“My Rainbow in the Cloud”

I set My rainbow in the cloud, and it shall be for the sign of the
covenant between Me and the earth. —Genesis 9:13

It is the will of God that human beings should get into a right-
standing relationship with Him, and His covenants are designed for
this purpose. Why doesn’t God save me? He has accomplished and
provided for my salvation, but I have not yet entered into a
relationship with Him. Why doesn’t God do everything we ask? He has
done it. The point is— will I step into that covenant relationship?
All the great blessings of God are finished and complete, but they are
not mine until I enter into a relationship with Him on the basis of
His covenant.

Waiting for God to act is fleshly unbelief. It means that I have no
faith in Him. I wait for Him to do something in me so I may trust in
that. But God won’t do it, because that is not the basis of the God-
and-man relationship. Man must go beyond the physical body and
feelings in his covenant with God, just as God goes beyond Himself in
reaching out with His covenant to man. It is a question of faith in
God— a very rare thing. We only have faith in our feelings. I don’t
believe God until He puts something tangible in my hand, so that I
know I have it. Then I say, “Now I believe.” There is no faith
exhibited in that. God says, “Look to Me, and be saved…” (Isaiah
45:22).

When I have really transacted business with God on the basis of His
covenant, letting everything else go, there is no sense of personal
achievement— no human ingredient in it at all. Instead, there is a
complete overwhelming sense of being brought into union with God, and
my life is transformed and radiates peace and joy.

By Oswald Chambers

