http://utmost.org/individuality/

Individuality

Jesus said to His disciples, "If anyone desires to come after Me, let
him deny himself…" —Matthew 16:24

Individuality is the hard outer layer surrounding the inner spiritual
life. Individuality shoves others aside, separating and isolating
people. We see it as the primary characteristic of a child, and
rightly so. When we confuse individuality with the spiritual life, we
remain isolated. This shell of individuality is God’s created natural
covering designed to protect the spiritual life. But our individuality
must be yielded to God so that our spiritual life may be brought forth
into fellowship with Him. Individuality counterfeits spirituality,
just as lust counterfeits love. God designed human nature for Himself,
but individuality corrupts that human nature for its own purposes.

The characteristics of individuality are independence and self-will.
We hinder our spiritual growth more than any other way by continually
asserting our individuality. If you say, “I can’t believe,” it is
because your individuality is blocking the way; individuality can
never believe. But our spirit cannot help believing. Watch yourself
closely when the Spirit of God is at work in you. He pushes you to the
limits of your individuality where a choice must be made. The choice
is either to say, “I will not surrender,” or to surrender, breaking
the hard shell of individuality, which allows the spiritual life to
emerge. The Holy Spirit narrows it down every time to one thing
(see Matthew 5:23-24). It is your individuality that refuses to “be
reconciled to your brother” (Matthew 5:24). God wants to bring you
into union with Himself, but unless you are willing to give up your
right to yourself, He cannot. “…let him deny himself…”— deny his
independent right to himself. Then the real life-the spiritual life-is
allowed the opportunity to grow.

By Oswald Chambers

