http://utmost.org/worship/

Worship

He moved from there to the mountain east of Bethel, and he pitched his
tent with Bethel on the west and Ai on the east; there he built an
altar to the Lord and called on the name of the Lord. —Genesis 12:8

Worship is giving God the best that He has given you. Be careful what
you do with the best you have. Whenever you get a blessing from God,
give it back to Him as a love-gift. Take time to meditate before God
and offer the blessing back to Him in a deliberate act of worship. If
you hoard it for yourself, it will turn into spiritual dry rot, as the
manna did when it was hoarded (see Exodus 16:20). God will never allow
you to keep a spiritual blessing completely for yourself. It must be
given back to Him so that He can make it a blessing to others.

Bethel is the symbol of fellowship with God; Ai is the symbol of the
world. Abram “pitched his tent” between the two. The lasting value of
our public service for God is measured by the depth of the intimacy of
our private times of fellowship and oneness with Him. Rushing in and
out of worship is wrong every time— there is always plenty of time to
worship God. Days set apart for quiet can be a trap, detracting from
the need to have daily quiet time with God. That is why we must “pitch
our tents” where we will always have quiet times with Him, however
noisy our times with the world may be. There are not three levels of
spiritual life— worship, waiting, and work. Yet some of us seem to
jump like spiritual frogs from worship to waiting, and from waiting to
work. God’s idea is that the three should go together as one. They
were always together in the life of our Lord and in perfect harmony.
It is a discipline that must be developed; it will not happen
overnight.

By Oswald Chambers

