http://utmost.org/the-secret-of-spiritual-consistency/

The Secret of Spiritual Consistency

God forbid that I should boast except in the cross of our Lord Jesus
Christ… —Galatians 6:14

When a person is newly born again, he seems inconsistent due to his
unrelated emotions and the state of the external things or
circumstances in his life. The apostle Paul had a strong and steady
underlying consistency in his life. Consequently, he could let his
external life change without internal distress because he was rooted
and grounded in God. Most of us are not consistent spiritually because
we are more concerned about being consistent externally. In the
external expression of things, Paul lived in the basement, while his
critics lived on the upper level. And these two levels do not begin to
touch each other. But Paul’s consistency was down deep in the
fundamentals. The great basis of his consistency was the agony of God
in the redemption of the world, namely, the Cross of Christ.

State your beliefs to yourself again. Get back to the foundation of
the Cross of Christ, doing away with any belief not based on it. In
secular history the Cross is an infinitesimally small thing, but from
the biblical perspective it is of more importance than all the empires
of the world. If we get away from dwelling on the tragedy of God on
the Cross in our preaching, our preaching produces nothing. It will
not transmit the energy of God to man; it may be interesting, but it
will have no power. However, when we preach the Cross, the energy of
God is released. “…it pleased God through the foolishness of the
message preached to save those who believe.…we preach Christ
crucified…” (1 Corinthians 1:21, 23).

By Oswald Chambers

