https://utmost.org/the-proper-perspective/

The Proper Perspective

Thanks be to God who always leads us in triumph in Christ… —2
Corinthians 2:14

The proper perspective of a servant of God must not simply be as near
to the highest as he can get, but it must be the highest. Be careful
that you vigorously maintain God’s perspective, and remember that it
must be done every day, little by little. Don’t think on a finite
level. No outside power can touch the proper perspective.

The proper perspective to maintain is that we are here for only one
purpose— to be captives marching in the procession of Christ’s
triumphs. We are not on display in God’s showcase— we are here to
exhibit only one thing— the “captivity [of our lives] to the obedience
of Christ” (2 Corinthians 10:5). How small all the other perspectives
are! For example, the ones that say, “I am standing all alone,
battling for Jesus,” or, “I have to maintain the cause of Christ and
hold down this fort for Him.” But Paul said, in essence, “I am in the
procession of a conqueror, and it doesn’t matter what the difficulties
are, for I am always led in triumph.” Is this idea being worked out
practically in us? Paul’s secret joy was that God took him as a
blatant rebel against Jesus Christ, and made him a captive— and that
became his purpose. It was Paul’s joy to be a captive of the Lord, and
he had no other interest in heaven or on earth. It is a shameful thing
for a Christian to talk about getting the victory. We should belong so
completely to the Victor that it is always His victory, and “we are
more than conquerors through Him…” (Romans 8:37).

“We are to God the fragrance of Christ…” (2 Corinthians 2:15). We are
encompassed with the sweet aroma of Jesus, and wherever we go we are a
wonderful refreshment to God.

By Oswald Chambers

