http://utmost.org/do-you-walk-in-white/

Do You Walk In White?

We were buried with Him…that just as Christ was raised from the
dead…even so we also should walk in newness of life. —Romans 6:4

No one experiences complete sanctification without going through a
“white funeral” — the burial of the old life. If there has never been
this crucial moment of change through death, sanctification will never
be more than an elusive dream. There must be a “white funeral,” a
death with only one resurrection— a resurrection into the life of
Jesus Christ. Nothing can defeat a life like this. It has oneness with
God for only one purpose— to be a witness for Him.

Have you really come to your last days? You have often come to them in
your mind, but have you really experienced them? You cannot die or go
to your funeral in a mood of excitement. Death means you stop being.
You must agree with God and stop being the intensely striving kind of
Christian you have been. We avoid the cemetery and continually refuse
our own death. It will not happen by striving, but by yielding to
death. It is dying— being “baptized into His death” (Romans 6:3).

Have you had your “white funeral,” or are you piously deceiving your
own soul? Has there been a point in your life which you now mark as
your last day? Is there a place in your life to which you go back in
memory with humility and overwhelming gratitude, so that you can
honestly proclaim, “Yes, it was then, at my ‘white funeral,’ that I
made an agreement with God.”

“This is the will of God, your sanctification…” (1 Thessalonians 4:3).
Once you truly realize this is God’s will, you will enter into the
process of sanctification as a natural response. Are you willing to
experience that “white funeral” now? Will you agree with Him that this
is your last day on earth? The moment of agreement depends on you.

By Oswald Chambers

