https://utmost.org/helpful-or-heartless-toward-others/

Helpful or Heartless Toward Others?

It is Christ…who also makes intercession for us….the Spirit…makes
intercession for the saints… —Romans 8:34, 27

Do we need any more arguments than these to become intercessors– that
Christ “always lives to make intercession” (Hebrews 7:25), and that
the Holy Spirit “makes intercession for the saints”? Are we living in
such a relationship with others that we do the work of intercession as
a result of being the children of God who are taught by His Spirit? We
should take a look at our current circumstances. Do crises which
affect us or others in our home, business, country, or elsewhere, seem
to be crushing in on us? Are we being pushed out of the presence of
God and left with no time for worship? If so, we must put a stop to
such distractions and get into such a living relationship with God
that our relationship with others is maintained through the work of
intercession, where God works His miracles.

Beware of getting ahead of God by your very desire to do His will. We
run ahead of Him in a thousand and one activities, becoming so
burdened with people and problems that we don’t worship God, and we
fail to intercede. If a burden and its resulting pressure come upon us
while we are not in an attitude of worship, it will only produce a
hardness toward God and despair in our own souls. God continually
introduces us to people in whom we have no interest, and unless we are
worshiping God the natural tendency is to be heartless toward them. We
give them a quick verse of Scripture, like jabbing them with a spear,
or leave them with a hurried, uncaring word of counsel before we go. A
heartless Christian must be a terrible grief to our Lord.

Are our lives in the proper place so that we may participate in the
intercession of our Lord and the Holy Spirit?

By Oswald Chambers

