http://utmost.org/taking-the-initiative-against-drudgery/

Taking the Initiative Against Drudgery

Arise, shine… —Isaiah 60:1

When it comes to taking the initiative against drudgery, we have to
take the first step as though there were no God. There is no point in
waiting for God to help us— He will not. But once we arise,
immediately we find He is there. Whenever God gives us His
inspiration, suddenly taking the initiative becomes a moral issue— a
matter of obedience. Then we must act to be obedient and not continue
to lie down doing nothing. If we will arise and shine, drudgery will
be divinely transformed.

Drudgery is one of the finest tests to determine the genuineness of
our character. Drudgery is work that is far removed from anything we
think of as ideal work. It is the utterly hard, menial, tiresome, and
dirty work. And when we experience it, our spirituality is instantly
tested and we will know whether or not we are spiritually genuine.
Read John 13. In this chapter, we see the Incarnate God performing the
greatest example of drudgery— washing fishermen’s feet. He then says
to them, “If I then, your Lord and Teacher, have washed your feet, you
also ought to wash one another’s feet” (John 13:14). The inspiration
of God is required if drudgery is to shine with the light of God upon
it. In some cases the way a person does a task makes that work
sanctified and holy forever. It may be a very common everyday task,
but after we have seen it done, it becomes different. When the Lord
does something through us, He always transforms it. Our Lord takes our
human flesh and transforms it, and now every believer’s body has
become “the temple of the Holy Spirit” (1 Corinthians 6:19).

By Oswald Chambers

