http://utmost.org/the-law-of-opposition/

The Law of Opposition

To him who overcomes… —Revelation 2:7

Life without war is impossible in the natural or the supernatural
realm. It is a fact that there is a continuing struggle in the
physical, mental, moral, and spiritual areas of life.

Health is the balance between the physical parts of my body and all
the things and forces surrounding me. To maintain good health I must
have sufficient internal strength to fight off the things that are
external. Everything outside my physical life is designed to cause my
death. The very elements that sustain me while I am alive work to
decay and disintegrate my body once it is dead. If I have enough inner
strength to fight, I help to produce the balance needed for health.
The same is true of the mental life. If I want to maintain a strong
and active mental life, I have to fight. This struggle produces the
mental balance called thought.

Morally it is the same. Anything that does not strengthen me morally
is the enemy of virtue within me. Whether I overcome, thereby
producing virtue, depends on the level of moral excellence in my life.
But we must fight to be moral. Morality does not happen by accident;
moral virtue is acquired.

And spiritually it is also the same. Jesus said, “In the world you
will have tribulation…” (John 16:33). This means that anything which
is not spiritual leads to my downfall. Jesus went on to say, “…but be
of good cheer, I have overcome the world.” I must learn to fight
against and overcome the things that come against me, and in that way
produce the balance of holiness. Then it becomes a delight to meet
opposition.

Holiness is the balance between my nature and the law of God as
expressed in Jesus Christ.

By Oswald Chambers

