http://utmost.org/unquestion-revelation/

Unquestioned Revelation

In that day you will ask Me nothing. —John 16:23

When is “that day”? It is when the ascended Lord makes you one with
the Father. “In that day” you will be one with the Father just as
Jesus is, and He said, “In that day you will ask Me nothing.” Until
the resurrection life of Jesus is fully exhibited in you, you have
questions about many things. Then after a while you find that all your
questions are gone— you don’t seem to have any left to ask. You have
come to the point of total reliance on the resurrection life of Jesus,
which brings you into complete oneness with the purpose of God. Are
you living that life now? If not, why aren’t you?

“In that day” there may be any number of things still hidden to your
understanding, but they will not come between your heart and God. “In
that day you will ask Me nothing”— you will not need to ask, because
you will be certain that God will reveal things in accordance with His
will. The faith and peace of John 14:1 has become the real attitude of
your heart, and there are no more questions to be asked. If anything
is a mystery to you and is coming between you and God, never look for
the explanation in your mind, but look for it in your spirit, your
true inner nature— that is where the problem is. Once your inner
spiritual nature is willing to submit to the life of Jesus, your
understanding will be perfectly clear, and you will come to the place
where there is no distance between the Father and you, His child,
because the Lord has made you one. “In that day you will ask Me
nothing.”

By Oswald Chambers

