http://utmost.org/are-you-going-on-with-jesus/

Are You Going on With Jesus?

You are those who have continued with Me in My trials. —Luke 22:28

It is true that Jesus Christ is with us through our temptations, but
are we going on with Him through His temptations? Many of us turn back
from going on with Jesus from the very moment we have an experience of
what He can do. Watch when God changes your circumstances to see
whether you are going on with Jesus, or siding with the world, the
flesh, and the devil. We wear His name, but are we going on with Him?
“From that time many of His disciples went back and walked with Him no
more” (John 6:66).

The temptations of Jesus continued throughout His earthly life, and
they will continue throughout the life of the Son of God in us. Are we
going on with Jesus in the life we are living right now?

We have the idea that we ought to shield ourselves from some of the
things God brings around us. May it never be! It is God who engineers
our circumstances, and whatever they may be we must see that we face
them while continually abiding with Him in His temptations. They are
His temptations, not temptations to us, but temptations to the life of
the Son of God in us. Jesus Christ’s honor is at stake in our bodily
lives. Are we remaining faithful to the Son of God in everything that
attacks His life in us?

Are you going on with Jesus? The way goes through Gethsemane, through
the city gate, and on “outside the camp” (Hebrews 13:13). The way is
lonely and goes on until there is no longer even a trace of a
footprint to follow— but only the voice saying, “Follow Me” (Matthew
4:19).

By Oswald Chambers

