http://utmost.org/readiness/

Readiness

God called to him….And he said, "Here I am." —Exodus 3:4

When God speaks, many of us are like people in a fog, and we give no
answer. Moses’ reply to God revealed that he knew where he was and
that he was ready. Readiness means having a right relationship to God
and having the knowledge of where we are. We are so busy telling God
where we would like to go. Yet the man or woman who is ready for God
and His work is the one who receives the prize when the summons comes.
We wait with the idea that some great opportunity or something
sensational will be coming our way, and when it does come we are quick
to cry out, “Here I am.” Whenever we sense that Jesus Christ is rising
up to take authority over some great task, we are there, but we are
not ready for some obscure duty.

Readiness for God means that we are prepared to do the smallest thing
or the largest thing— it makes no difference. It means we have no
choice in what we want to do, but that whatever God’s plans may be, we
are there and ready. Whenever any duty presents itself, we hear God’s
voice as our Lord heard His Father’s voice, and we are ready for it
with the total readiness of our love for Him. Jesus Christ expects to
do with us just as His Father did with Him. He can put us wherever He
wants, in pleasant duties or in menial ones, because our union with
Him is the same as His union with the Father. “…that they may be one
just as We are one…” (John 17:22).

Be ready for the sudden surprise visits of God. A ready person never
needs to get ready— he is ready. Think of the time we waste trying to
get ready once God has called! The burning bush is a symbol of
everything that surrounds the person who is ready, and it is on fire
with the presence of God Himself.

By Oswald Chambers

