http://utmost.org/vital-intercession/

Vital Intercession

…praying always with all prayer and supplication in the Spirit…
—Ephesians 6:18

As we continue on in our intercession for others, we may find that our
obedience to God in interceding is going to cost those for whom we
intercede more than we ever thought. The danger in this is that we
begin to intercede in sympathy with those whom God was gradually
lifting up to a totally different level in direct answer to our
prayers. Whenever we step back from our close identification with
God’s interest and concern for others and step into having emotional
sympathy with them, the vital connection with God is gone. We have
then put our sympathy and concern for them in the way, and this is a
deliberate rebuke to God.

It is impossible for us to have living and vital intercession unless
we are perfectly and completely sure of God. And the greatest
destroyer of that confident relationship to God, so necessary for
intercession, is our own personal sympathy and preconceived bias.
Identification with God is the key to intercession, and whenever we
stop being identified with Him it is because of our sympathy with
others, not because of sin. It is not likely that sin will interfere
with our intercessory relationship with God, but sympathy will. It is
sympathy with ourselves or with others that makes us say, “I will not
allow that thing to happen.” And instantly we are out of that vital
connection with God.

Vital intercession leaves you with neither the time nor the
inclination to pray for your own “sad and pitiful self.” You do not
have to struggle to keep thoughts of yourself out, because they are
not even there to be kept out of your thinking. You are completely and
entirely identified with God’s interests and concerns in other lives.
God gives us discernment in the lives of others to call us to
intercession for them, never so that we may find fault with them.

By Oswald Chambers

