http://utmost.org/god%E2%80%99s-assurance/

God’s Assurance

He Himself has said….So we may boldly say… —Hebrews 13:5-6

My assurance is to be built upon God’s assurance to me. God says, “I
will never leave you,” so that then I “may boldly say, ‘The Lord is my
helper; I will not fear’ ” (Hebrews 13:5-6). In other words, I will
not be obsessed with apprehension. This does not mean that I will not
be tempted to fear, but I will remember God’s words of assurance. I
will be full of courage, like a child who strives to reach the
standard his father has set for him. The faith of many people begins
to falter when apprehensions enter their thinking, and they forget the
meaning of God’s assurance— they forget to take a deep spiritual
breath. The only way to remove the fear from our lives is to listen to
God’s assurance to us.

What are you fearing? Whatever it may be, you are not a coward about
it— you are determined to face it, yet you still have a feeling of
fear. When it seems that there is nothing and no one to help you, say
to yourself, “But ‘The Lord is my helper’ this very moment, even in my
present circumstance.” Are you learning to listen to God before you
speak, or are you saying things and then trying to make God’s Word fit
what you have said? Take hold of the Father’s assurance, and then say
with strong courage, “I will not fear.” It does not matter what evil
or wrong may be in our way, because “He Himself has said, ‘I will
never leave you….’ ”

Human frailty is another thing that gets between God’s words of
assurance and our own words and thoughts. When we realize how feeble
we are in facing difficulties, the difficulties become like giants, we
become like grasshoppers, and God seems to be nonexistent. But
remember God’s assurance to us— “I will never…forsake you.” Have we
learned to sing after hearing God’s keynote? Are we continually filled
with enough courage to say, “The Lord is my helper,” or are we
yielding to fear?

By Oswald Chambers

