https://utmost.org/god%E2%80%99s-total-surrender-to-us/

God’s Total Surrender to Us

For God so loved the world that He gave… —John 3:16

Salvation does not mean merely deliverance from sin or the experience
of personal holiness. The salvation which comes from God means being
completely delivered from myself, and being placed into perfect union
with Him. When I think of my salvation experience, I think of being
delivered from sin and gaining personal holiness. But salvation is so
much more! It means that the Spirit of God has brought me into
intimate contact with the true Person of God Himself. And as I am
caught up into total surrender to God, I become thrilled with
something infinitely greater than myself.

To say that we are called to preach holiness or sanctification is to
miss the main point. We are called to proclaim Jesus Christ (see 1
Corinthians 2:2). The fact that He saves from sin and makes us holy is
actually part of the effect of His wonderful and total surrender to
us.

If we are truly surrendered, we will never be aware of our own efforts
to remain surrendered. Our entire life will be consumed with the One
to whom we surrender. Beware of talking about surrender if you know
nothing about it. In fact, you will never know anything about it until
you understand that John 3:16 means that God completely and absolutely
gave Himself to us. In our surrender, we must give ourselves to God in
the same way He gave Himself for us— totally, unconditionally, and
without reservation. The consequences and circumstances resulting from
our surrender will never even enter our mind, because our life will be
totally consumed with Him.

By Oswald Chambers

