http://utmost.org/how-will-i-know/

How Will I Know?

Jesus answered and said, "I thank You, Father…that You have hidden
these things from the wise and prudent and have revealed them to
babes." —Matthew 11:25

We do not grow into a spiritual relationship step by step— we either
have a relationship or we do not. God does not continue to cleanse us
more and more from sin— “But if we walk in the light,” we are cleansed
“from all sin” (1 John 1:7). It is a matter of obedience, and once we
obey, the relationship is instantly perfected. But if we turn away
from obedience for even one second, darkness and death are immediately
at work again.

All of God’s revealed truths are sealed until they are opened to us
through obedience. You will never open them through philosophy or
thinking. But once you obey, a flash of light comes immediately. Let
God’s truth work into you by immersing yourself in it, not by worrying
into it. The only way you can get to know the truth of God is to stop
trying to find out and by being born again. If you obey God in the
first thing He shows you, then He instantly opens up the next truth to
you. You could read volumes on the work of the Holy Spirit, when five
minutes of total, uncompromising obedience would make things as clear
as sunlight. Don’t say, “I suppose I will understand these things
someday!” You can understand them now. And it is not study that brings
understanding to you, but obedience. Even the smallest bit of
obedience opens heaven, and the deepest truths of God immediately
become yours. Yet God will never reveal more truth about Himself to
you, until you have obeyed what you know already. Beware of becoming
one of the “wise and prudent.” “If anyone wills to do His will, he
shall know…” (John 7:17).

By Oswald Chambers

