http://utmost.org/intercessory-prayer/

Intercessory Prayer

…men always ought to pray and not lose heart. —Luke 18:1

You cannot truly intercede through prayer if you do not believe in the
reality of redemption. Instead, you will simply be turning
intercession into useless sympathy for others, which will serve only
to increase the contentment they have for remaining out of touch with
God. True intercession involves bringing the person, or the
circumstance that seems to be crashing in on you, before God, until
you are changed by His attitude toward that person or circumstance.
Intercession means to “fill up…[with] what is lacking in the
afflictions of Christ” (Colossians 1:24), and this is precisely why
there are so few intercessors. People describe intercession by saying,
“It is putting yourself in someone else’s place.” That is not true!
Intercession is putting yourself in God’s place; it is having His mind
and His perspective.

As an intercessor, be careful not to seek too much information from
God regarding the situation you are praying about, because you may be
overwhelmed. If you know too much, more than God has ordained for you
to know, you can’t pray; the circumstances of the people become so
overpowering that you are no longer able to get to the underlying
truth.

Our work is to be in such close contact with God that we may have His
mind about everything, but we shirk that responsibility by
substituting doing for interceding. And yet intercession is the only
thing that has no drawbacks, because it keeps our relationship
completely open with God.

What we must avoid in intercession is praying for someone to be simply
“patched up.” We must pray that person completely through into contact
with the very life of God. Think of the number of people God has
brought across our path, only to see us drop them! When we pray on the
basis of redemption, God creates something He can create in no other
way than through intercessory prayer.

By Oswald Chambers

