http://utmost.org/by-the-grace-of-god-i-am-what-i-am/

“By the Grace of God I Am What I Am”

By the grace of God I am what I am, and His grace toward me was not in
vain… —1 Corinthians 15:10

The way we continually talk about our own inabilities is an insult to
our Creator. To complain over our incompetence is to accuse God
falsely of having overlooked us. Get into the habit of examining from
God’s perspective those things that sound so humble to men. You will
be amazed at how unbelievably inappropriate and disrespectful they are
to Him. We say things such as, “Oh, I shouldn’t claim to be
sanctified; I’m not a saint.” But to say that before God means, “No,
Lord, it is impossible for You to save and sanctify me; there are
opportunities I have not had and so many imperfections in my brain and
body; no, Lord, it isn’t possible.” That may sound wonderfully humble
to others, but before God it is an attitude of defiance.

Conversely, the things that sound humble before God may sound exactly
the opposite to people. To say, “Thank God, I know I am saved and
sanctified,” is in God’s eyes the purest expression of humility. It
means you have so completely surrendered yourself to God that you know
He is true. Never worry about whether what you say sounds humble
before others or not. But always be humble before God, and allow Him
to be your all in all.

There is only one relationship that really matters, and that is your
personal relationship to your personal Redeemer and Lord. If you
maintain that at all costs, letting everything else go, God will
fulfill His purpose through your life. One individual life may be of
priceless value to God’s purposes, and yours may be that life.

By Oswald Chambers

