http://utmost.org/the-inevitable-penalty/

The Inevitable Penalty

You will by no means get out of there till you have paid the last
penny. —Matthew 5:26

There is no heaven that has a little corner of hell in it. God is
determined to make you pure, holy, and right, and He will not allow
you to escape from the scrutiny of the Holy Spirit for even one
moment. He urged you to come to judgment immediately when He convicted
you, but you did not obey. Then the inevitable process began to work,
bringing its inevitable penalty. Now you have been “thrown into
prison, [and]…you will by no means get out of there till you have paid
the last penny” (Matthew 5:25-26). Yet you ask, “Is this a God of
mercy and love?” When seen from God’s perspective, it is a glorious
ministry of love. God is going to bring you out pure, spotless, and
undefiled, but He wants you to recognize the nature you were
exhibiting— the nature of demanding your right to yourself. The moment
you are willing for God to change your nature, His recreating forces
will begin to work. And the moment you realize that God’s purpose is
to get you into the right relationship with Himself and then with
others, He will reach to the very limits of the universe to help you
take the right road. Decide to do it right now, saying, “Yes, Lord, I
will write that letter,” or, “I will be reconciled to that person
now.”

These sermons of Jesus Christ are meant for your will and your
conscience, not for your head. If you dispute these verses from the
Sermon on the Mount with your head, you will dull the appeal to your
heart.

If you find yourself asking, “I wonder why I’m not growing spiritually
with God?”— then ask yourself if you are paying your debts from God’s
standpoint. Do now what you will have to do someday. Every moral
question or call comes with an “ought” behind it— the knowledge of
knowing what we ought to do.

By Oswald Chambers

