http://utmost.org/the-place-of-humiliation/

The Place of Humiliation

If You can do anything, have compassion on us and help us. —Mark 9:22

After every time of exaltation, we are brought down with a sudden rush
into things as they really are, where it is neither beautiful, poetic,
nor thrilling. The height of the mountaintop is measured by the dismal
drudgery of the valley, but it is in the valley that we have to live
for the glory of God. We see His glory on the mountain, but we never
live for His glory there. It is in the place of humiliation that we
find our true worth to God— that is where our faithfulness is
revealed. Most of us can do things if we are always at some heroic
level of intensity, simply because of the natural selfishness of our
own hearts. But God wants us to be at the drab everyday level, where
we live in the valley according to our personal relationship with Him.
Peter thought it would be a wonderful thing for them to remain on the
mountain, but Jesus Christ took the disciples down from the mountain
and into the valley, where the true meaning of the vision was
explained (see Mark 9:5-6, Mark 9:14-23).

“If you can do anything….” It takes the valley of humiliation to
remove the skepticism from us. Look back at your own experience and
you will find that until you learned who Jesus really was, you were a
skillful skeptic about His power. When you were on the mountaintop you
could believe anything, but what about when you were faced with the
facts of the valley? You may be able to give a testimony regarding
your sanctification, but what about the thing that is a humiliation to
you right now? The last time you were on the mountain with God, you
saw that all the power in heaven and on earth belonged to Jesus— will
you be skeptical now, simply because you are in the valley of
humiliation?

By Oswald Chambers

