https://utmost.org/yielding/

Yielding

…you are that one’s slaves whom you obey… —Romans 6:16

The first thing I must be willing to admit when I begin to examine
what controls and dominates me is that I am the one responsible for
having yielded myself to whatever it may be. If I am a slave to
myself, I am to blame because somewhere in the past I yielded to
myself. Likewise, if I obey God I do so because at some point in my
life I yielded myself to Him.

If a child gives in to selfishness, he will find it to be the most
enslaving tyranny on earth. There is no power within the human soul
itself that is capable of breaking the bondage of the nature created
by yielding. For example, yield for one second to anything in the
nature of lust, and although you may hate yourself for having yielded,
you become enslaved to that thing. (Remember what lust is— “I must
have it now,” whether it is the lust of the flesh or the lust of the
mind.) No release or escape from it will ever come from any human
power, but only through the power of redemption. You must yield
yourself in utter humiliation to the only One who can break the
dominating power in your life, namely, the Lord Jesus Christ. “…He has
anointed Me…to proclaim liberty to the captives…” (Luke
4:18 and Isaiah 61:1).

When you yield to something, you will soon realize the tremendous
control it has over you. Even though you say, “Oh, I can give up that
habit whenever I like,” you will know you can’t. You will find that
the habit absolutely dominates you because you willingly yielded to
it. It is easy to sing, “He will break every fetter,” while at the
same time living a life of obvious slavery to yourself. But yielding
to Jesus will break every kind of slavery in any person’s life.

By Oswald Chambers

