https://utmost.org/are-you-exhausted-spiritually/

Are You Exhausted Spiritually?

The everlasting God…neither faints nor is weary. —Isaiah 40:28

Exhaustion means that our vital energies are completely worn out and
spent. Spiritual exhaustion is never the result of sin, but of
service. Whether or not you experience exhaustion will depend on where
you get your supplies. Jesus said to Peter, “Feed My sheep,” but He
gave him nothing with which to feed them (John 21:17). The process of
being made broken bread and poured-out wine means that you have to be
the nourishment for other people’s souls until they learn to feed on
God. They must drain you completely— to the very last drop. But be
careful to replenish your supply, or you will quickly be utterly
exhausted. Until others learn to draw on the life of the Lord Jesus
directly, they will have to draw on His life through you. You must
literally be their source of supply, until they learn to take their
nourishment from God. We owe it to God to be our best for His lambs
and sheep, as well as for Him.

Have you delivered yourself over to exhaustion because of the way you
have been serving God? If so, then renew and rekindle your desires and
affections. Examine your reasons for service. Is your source based on
your own understanding or is it grounded on the redemption of Jesus
Christ? Continually look back to the foundation of your love and
affection and remember where your Source of power lies. You have no
right to complain, “O Lord, I am so exhausted.” He saved and
sanctified you to exhaust you. Be exhausted for God, but remember that
He is your supply. “All my springs are in you” (Psalm 87:7).

By Oswald Chambers

