http://utmost.org/the-explanation-for-our-difficulties/

The Explanation For Our Difficulties

…that they all may be one, as You, Father, are in Me, and I in You;
that they also may be one in Us… —John 17:21

If you are going through a time of isolation, seemingly all alone,
read John 17 . It will explain exactly why you are where you are—
because Jesus has prayed that you “may be one” with the Father as He
is. Are you helping God to answer that prayer, or do you have some
other goal for your life? Since you became a disciple, you cannot be
as independent as you used to be.

God reveals in John 17 that His purpose is not just to answer our
prayers, but that through prayer we might come to discern His mind.
Yet there is one prayer which God must answer, and that is the prayer
of Jesus— “…that they may be one just as We are one…” (John 17:22).
Are we as close to Jesus Christ as that?

God is not concerned about our plans; He doesn’t ask, “Do you want to
go through this loss of a loved one, this difficulty, or this defeat?”
No, He allows these things for His own purpose. The things we are
going through are either making us sweeter, better, and nobler men and
women, or they are making us more critical and fault-finding, and more
insistent on our own way. The things that happen either make us evil,
or they make us more saintly, depending entirely on our relationship
with God and its level of intimacy. If we will pray, regarding our own
lives, “Your will be done” (Matthew 26:42), then we will be encouraged
and comforted by John 17, knowing that our Father is working according
to His own wisdom, accomplishing what is best. When we understand
God’s purpose, we will not become small-minded and cynical. Jesus
prayed nothing less for us than absolute oneness with Himself, just as
He was one with the Father. Some of us are far from this oneness; yet
God will not leave us alone until we are one with Him— because Jesus
prayed, “…that they all may be one….”

By Oswald Chambers

