https://utmost.org/decreasing-for-his-purpose/

Decreasing for His Purpose

He must increase, but I must decrease. —John 3:30

If you become a necessity to someone else’s life, you are out of God’s
will. As a servant, your primary responsibility is to be a “friend of
the bridegroom” (John 3:29). When you see a person who is close to
grasping the claims of Jesus Christ, you know that your influence has
been used in the right direction. And when you begin to see that
person in the middle of a difficult and painful struggle, don’t try to
prevent it, but pray that his difficulty will grow even ten times
stronger, until no power on earth or in hell could hold him away from
Jesus Christ. Over and over again, we try to be amateur providences in
someone’s life. We are indeed amateurs, coming in and actually
preventing God’s will and saying, “This person should not have to
experience this difficulty.” Instead of being friends of the
Bridegroom, our sympathy gets in the way. One day that person will say
to us, “You are a thief; you stole my desire to follow Jesus, and
because of you I lost sight of Him.”

Beware of rejoicing with someone over the wrong thing, but always look
to rejoice over the right thing. “…the friend of the
bridegroom…rejoices greatly because of the bridegroom’s voice.
Therefore this joy of mine is fulfilled. He must increase, but I must
decrease” (John 3:29-30). This was spoken with joy, not with sadness—
at last they were to see the Bridegroom! And John said this was his
joy. It represents a stepping aside, an absolute removal of the
servant, never to be thought of again.

Listen intently with your entire being until you hear the Bridegroom’s
voice in the life of another person. And never give any thought to
what devastation, difficulties, or sickness it will bring. Just
rejoice with godly excitement that His voice has been heard. You may
often have to watch Jesus Christ wreck a life before He saves it
(see Matthew 10:34).

By Oswald Chambers

