http://utmost.org/out-of-the-wreck-i-rise/

Out of the Wreck I Rise

Who shall separate us from the love of Christ? —Romans 8:35

God does not keep His child immune from trouble; He promises, “I will
be with him in trouble…” (Psalm 91:15). It doesn’t matter how real or
intense the adversities may be; nothing can ever separate him from his
relationship to God. “In all these things we are more than
conquerors…” (Romans 8:37). Paul was not referring here to imaginary
things, but to things that are dangerously real. And he said we are
“super-victors” in the midst of them, not because of our own
ingenuity, nor because of our courage, but because none of them
affects our essential relationship with God in Jesus Christ. I feel
sorry for the Christian who doesn’t have something in the
circumstances of his life that he wishes were not there.

“Shall tribulation…?” Tribulation is never a grand, highly welcomed
event; but whatever it may be— whether exhausting, irritating, or
simply causing some weakness— it is not able to “separate us from the
love of Christ.” Never allow tribulations or the “cares of this world”
to separate you from remembering that God loves you (Matthew 13:22).

“Shall…distress…?” Can God’s love continue to hold fast, even when
everyone and everything around us seems to be saying that His love is
a lie, and that there is no such thing as justice?

“Shall…famine…?” Can we not only believe in the love of God but also
be “more than conquerors,” even while we are being starved?

Either Jesus Christ is a deceiver, having deceived even Paul, or else
some extraordinary thing happens to someone who holds on to the love
of God when the odds are totally against him. Logic is silenced in the
face of each of these things which come against him. Only one thing
can account for it— the love of God in Christ Jesus. “Out of the wreck
I rise” every time.

By Oswald Chambers

