http://utmost.org/the-voice-of-the-nature-of-god/

The Voice of the Nature of God

I heard the voice of the Lord, saying: "Whom shall I send, and who
will go for Us?" —Isaiah 6:8

When we talk about the call of God, we often forget the most important
thing, namely, the nature of Him who calls. There are many things
calling each of us today. Some of these calls will be answered, and
others will not even be heard. The call is the expression of the
nature of the One who calls, and we can only recognize the call if
that same nature is in us. The call of God is the expression of God’s
nature, not ours. God providentially weaves the threads of His call
through our lives, and only we can distinguish them. It is the
threading of God’s voice directly to us over a certain concern, and it
is useless to seek another person’s opinion of it. Our dealings over
the call of God should be kept exclusively between ourselves and Him.

The call of God is not a reflection of my nature; my personal desires
and temperament are of no consideration. As long as I dwell on my own
qualities and traits and think about what I am suited for, I will
never hear the call of God. But when God brings me into the right
relationship with Himself, I will be in the same condition Isaiah was.
Isaiah was so attuned to God, because of the great crisis he had just
endured, that the call of God penetrated his soul. The majority of us
cannot hear anything but ourselves. And we cannot hear anything God
says. But to be brought to the place where we can hear the call of God
is to be profoundly changed.

By Oswald Chambers

