https://utmost.org/faith-or-experience/

Faith or Experience?

…the Son of God, who loved me and gave Himself for me. —Galatians 2:20

We should battle through our moods, feelings, and emotions into
absolute devotion to the Lord Jesus. We must break out of our own
little world of experience into abandoned devotion to Him. Think who
the New Testament says Jesus Christ is, and then think of the
despicable meagerness of the miserable faith we exhibit by saying, “I
haven’t had this experience or that experience”! Think what faith in
Jesus Christ claims and provides— He can present us faultless before
the throne of God, inexpressibly pure, absolutely righteous, and
profoundly justified. Stand in absolute adoring faith “in Christ
Jesus, who became for us wisdom from God— and righteousness and
sanctification and redemption…” (1 Corinthians 1:30). How dare we talk
of making a sacrifice for the Son of God! We are saved from hell and
total destruction, and then we talk about making sacrifices!

We must continually focus and firmly place our faith in Jesus Christ—
not a “prayer meeting” Jesus Christ, or a “book” Jesus Christ, but the
New Testament Jesus Christ, who is God Incarnate, and who ought to
strike us dead at His feet. Our faith must be in the One from whom our
salvation springs. Jesus Christ wants our absolute, unrestrained
devotion to Himself. We can never experience Jesus Christ, or
selfishly bind Him in the confines of our own hearts. Our faith must
be built on strong determined confidence in Him.

It is because of our trusting in experience that we see the steadfast
impatience of the Holy Spirit against unbelief. All of our fears are
sinful, and we create our own fears by refusing to nourish ourselves
in our faith. How can anyone who is identified with Jesus Christ
suffer from doubt or fear! Our lives should be an absolute hymn of
praise resulting from perfect, irrepressible, triumphant belief.

By Oswald Chambers

