http://utmost.org/his-temptation-and-ours/

His Temptation and Ours

We do not have a High Priest who cannot sympathize with our
weaknesses, but was in all points tempted as we are, yet without sin.
—Hebrews 4:15

Until we are born again, the only kind of temptation we understand is
the kind mentioned in James 1:14, “Each one is tempted when he is
drawn away by his own desires and enticed.” But through regeneration
we are lifted into another realm where there are other temptations to
face, namely, the kind of temptations our Lord faced. The temptations
of Jesus had no appeal to us as unbelievers because they were not at
home in our human nature. Our Lord’s temptations and ours are in
different realms until we are born again and become His brothers. The
temptations of Jesus are not those of a mere man, but the temptations
of God as Man. Through regeneration, the Son of God is formed in us
(see Galatians 4:19), and in our physical life He has the same setting
that He had on earth. Satan does not tempt us just to make us do wrong
things— he tempts us to make us lose what God has put into us through
regeneration, namely, the possibility of being of value to God. He
does not come to us on the premise of tempting us to sin, but on the
premise of shifting our point of view, and only the Spirit of God can
detect this as a temptation of the devil.

Temptation means a test of the possessions held within the inner,
spiritual part of our being by a power outside us and foreign to us.
This makes the temptation of our Lord explainable. After Jesus’
baptism, having accepted His mission of being the One “who takes away
the sin of the world” (John 1:29) He “was led up by the Spirit into
the wilderness” (Matthew 4:1) and into the testing devices of the
devil. Yet He did not become weary or exhausted. He went through the
temptation “without sin,” and He retained all the possessions of His
spiritual nature completely intact.

By Oswald Chambers

