http://utmost.org/christ-awareness/

Christ-Awareness

…and I will give you rest. —Matthew 11:28

Whenever anything begins to disintegrate your life with Jesus Christ,
turn to Him at once, asking Him to re-establish your rest. Never allow
anything to remain in your life that is causing the unrest. Think of
every detail of your life that is causing the disintegration as
something to fight against, not as something you should allow to
remain. Ask the Lord to put awareness of Himself in you, and your
self-awareness will disappear. Then He will be your all in all. Beware
of allowing your self-awareness to continue, because slowly but surely
it will awaken self-pity, and self-pity is satanic. Don’t allow
yourself to say, “Well, they have just misunderstood me, and this is
something over which they should be apologizing to me; I’m sure I must
have this cleared up with them already.” Learn to leave others alone
regarding this. Simply ask the Lord to give you Christ-awareness, and
He will steady you until your completeness in Him is absolute.

A complete life is the life of a child. When I am fully conscious of
my awareness of Christ, there is something wrong. It is the sick
person who really knows what health is. A child of God is not aware of
the will of God because he is the will of God. When we have deviated
even slightly from the will of God, we begin to ask, “Lord, what is
your will?” A child of God never prays to be made aware of the fact
that God answers prayer, because he is so restfully certain that God
always answers prayer.

If we try to overcome our self-awareness through any of our own
commonsense methods, we will only serve to strengthen our self-
awareness tremendously. Jesus says, “Come to Me…and I will give you
rest,” that is, Christ-awareness will take the place of self-
awareness. Wherever Jesus comes He establishes rest— the rest of the
completion of activity in our lives that is never aware of itself.

By Oswald Chambers

