https://utmost.org/discovering-divine-design/

Discovering Divine Design

As for me, being on the way, the Lord led me… —Genesis 24:27

We should be so one with God that we don’t need to ask continually for
guidance. Sanctification means that we are made the children of God. A
child’s life is normally obedient, until he chooses disobedience. But
as soon as he chooses to disobey, an inherent inner conflict is
produced. On the spiritual level, inner conflict is the warning of the
Spirit of God. When He warns us in this way, we must stop at once and
be renewed in the spirit of our mind to discern God’s will (see Romans
12:2). If we are born again by the Spirit of God, our devotion to Him
is hindered, or even stopped, by continually asking Him to guide us
here and there. “…the Lord led me…” and on looking back we see the
presence of an amazing design. If we are born of God we will see His
guiding hand and give Him the credit.

We can all see God in exceptional things, but it requires the growth
of spiritual discipline to see God in every detail. Never believe that
the so-called random events of life are anything less than God’s
appointed order. Be ready to discover His divine designs anywhere and
everywhere.

Beware of being obsessed with consistency to your own convictions
instead of being devoted to God. If you are a saint and say, “I will
never do this or that,” in all probability this will be exactly what
God will require of you. There was never a more inconsistent being on
this earth than our Lord, but He was never inconsistent with His
Father. The important consistency in a saint is not to a principle but
to the divine life. It is the divine life that continually makes more
and more discoveries about the divine mind. It is easier to be an
excessive fanatic than it is to be consistently faithful, because God
causes an amazing humbling of our religious conceit when we are
faithful to Him.

By Oswald Chambers

