http://utmost.org/the-theology-of-resting-in-god/

The Theology of Resting in God

Why are you fearful, O you of little faith? —Matthew 8:26

When we are afraid, the least we can do is pray to God. But our Lord
has a right to expect that those who name His name have an underlying
confidence in Him. God expects His children to be so confident in Him
that in any crisis they are the ones who are reliable. Yet our trust
is only in God up to a certain point, then we turn back to the
elementary panic-stricken prayers of those people who do not even know
God. We come to our wits’ end, showing that we don’t have even the
slightest amount of confidence in Him or in His sovereign control of
the world. To us He seems to be asleep, and we can see nothing but
giant, breaking waves on the sea ahead of us.

“…O you of little faith!” What a stinging pain must have shot through
the disciples as they surely thought to themselves, “We missed the
mark again!” And what a sharp pain will go through us when we suddenly
realize that we could have produced complete and utter joy in the
heart of Jesus by remaining absolutely confident in Him, in spite of
what we were facing.

There are times when there is no storm or crisis in our lives, and we
do all that is humanly possible. But it is when a crisis arises that
we instantly reveal upon whom we rely. If we have been learning to
worship God and to place our trust in Him, the crisis will reveal that
we can go to the point of breaking, yet without breaking our
confidence in Him.

We have been talking quite a lot about sanctification, but what will
be the result in our lives? It will be expressed in our lives as a
peaceful resting in God, which means a total oneness with Him. And
this oneness will make us not only blameless in His sight, but also a
profound joy to Him.

By Oswald Chambers

