http://utmost.org/don%E2%80%99t-plan-without-god/

Don’t Plan Without God

Commit your way to the Lord, trust also in Him, and He shall bring it
to pass. —Psalm 37:5

Don’t plan without God. God seems to have a delightful way of
upsetting the plans we have made, when we have not taken Him into
account. We get ourselves into circumstances that were not chosen by
God, and suddenly we realize that we have been making our plans
without Him— that we have not even considered Him to be a vital,
living factor in the planning of our lives. And yet the only thing
that will keep us from even the possibility of worrying is to bring
God in as the greatest factor in all of our planning.

In spiritual issues it is customary for us to put God first, but we
tend to think that it is inappropriate and unnecessary to put Him
first in the practical, everyday issues of our lives. If we have the
idea that we have to put on our “spiritual face” before we can come
near to God, then we will never come near to Him. We must come as we
are.

Don’t plan with a concern for evil in mind. Does God really mean for
us to plan without taking the evil around us into account?
“Love…thinks no evil” (1 Corinthians 13:4-5). Love is not ignorant of
the existence of evil, but it does not take it into account as a
factor in planning. When we were apart from God, we did take evil into
account, doing all of our planning with it in mind, and we tried to
reason out all of our work from its standpoint.

Don’t plan with a rainy day in mind. You cannot hoard things for a
rainy day if you are truly trusting Christ. Jesus said, “Let not your
heart be troubled…” (John 14:1). God will not keep your heart from
being troubled. It is a command— “Let not….” To do it, continually
pick yourself up, even if you fall a hundred and one times a day,
until you get into the habit of putting God first and planning with
Him in mind.

By Oswald Chambers

