http://utmost.org/will-you-go-out-without-knowing/

Will You Go Out Without Knowing?

He went out, not knowing where he was going. —Hebrews 11:8

Have you ever “gone out” in this way? If so, there is no logical
answer possible when anyone asks you what you are doing. One of the
most difficult questions to answer in Christian work is, “What do you
expect to do?” You don’t know what you are going to do. The only thing
you know is that God knows what He is doing. Continually examine your
attitude toward God to see if you are willing to “go out” in every
area of your life, trusting in God entirely. It is this attitude that
keeps you in constant wonder, because you don’t know what God is going
to do next. Each morning as you wake, there is a new opportunity to
“go out,” building your confidence in God. “…do not worry about your
life…nor about the body…” (Luke 12:22). In other words, don’t worry
about the things that concerned you before you did “go out.”

Have you been asking God what He is going to do? He will never tell
you. God does not tell you what He is going to do— He reveals to you
who He is. Do you believe in a miracle-working God, and will you “go
out” in complete surrender to Him until you are not surprised one iota
by anything He does?

Believe God is always the God you know Him to be when you are nearest
to Him. Then think how unnecessary and disrespectful worry is! Let the
attitude of your life be a continual willingness to “go out” in
dependence upon God, and your life will have a sacred and
inexpressible charm about it that is very satisfying to Jesus. You
must learn to “go out” through your convictions, creeds, or
experiences until you come to the point in your faith where there is
nothing between yourself and God.

By Oswald Chambers

