http://utmost.org/are-you-obsessed-by-something/

Are You Obsessed by Something?

Who is the man that fears the Lord? —Psalm 25:12

Are you obsessed by something? You will probably say, “No, by
nothing,” but all of us are obsessed by something— usually by
ourselves, or, if we are Christians, by our own experience of the
Christian life. But the psalmist says that we are to be obsessed by
God. The abiding awareness of the Christian life is to be God Himself,
not just thoughts about Him. The total being of our life inside and
out is to be absolutely obsessed by the presence of God. A child’s
awareness is so absorbed in his mother that although he is not
consciously thinking of her, when a problem arises, the abiding
relationship is that with the mother. In that same way, we are to
“live and move and have our being” in God (Acts 17:28), looking at
everything in relation to Him, because our abiding awareness of Him
continually pushes itself to the forefront of our lives.

If we are obsessed by God, nothing else can get into our lives— not
concerns, nor tribulation, nor worries. And now we understand why our
Lord so emphasized the sin of worrying. How can we dare to be so
absolutely unbelieving when God totally surrounds us? To be obsessed
by God is to have an effective barricade against all the assaults of
the enemy.

“He himself shall dwell in prosperity…” (Psalm 25:13). God will cause
us to “dwell in prosperity,” keeping us at ease, even in the midst of
tribulation, misunderstanding, and slander, if our “life is hidden
with Christ in God” (Colossians 3:3). We rob ourselves of the
miraculous, revealed truth of this abiding companionship with God.
“God is our refuge…” (Psalm 46:1). Nothing can break through His
shelter of protection.

By Oswald Chambers

