http://utmost.org/is-there-good-in-temptation/

Is There Good in Temptation?

No temptation has overtaken you except such as is common to man… —1
Corinthians 10:13

The word temptation has come to mean something bad to us today, but we
tend to use the word in the wrong way. Temptation itself is not sin;
it is something we are bound to face simply by virtue of being human.
Not to be tempted would mean that we were already so shameful that we
would be beneath contempt. Yet many of us suffer from temptations we
should never have to suffer, simply because we have refused to allow
God to lift us to a higher level where we would face temptations of
another kind.

A person’s inner nature, what he possesses in the inner, spiritual
part of his being, determines what he is tempted by on the outside.
The temptation fits the true nature of the person being tempted and
reveals the possibilities of his nature. Every person actually
determines or sets the level of his own temptation, because temptation
will come to him in accordance with the level of his controlling,
inner nature.

Temptation comes to me, suggesting a possible shortcut to the
realization of my highest goal— it does not direct me toward what I
understand to be evil, but toward what I understand to be good.
Temptation is something that confuses me for a while, and I don’t know
whether something is right or wrong. When I yield to it, I have made
lust a god, and the temptation itself becomes the proof that it was
only my own fear that prevented me from falling into the sin earlier.

Temptation is not something we can escape; in fact, it is essential to
the well-rounded life of a person. Beware of thinking that you are
tempted as no one else— what you go through is the common inheritance
of the human race, not something that no one has ever before endured.
God does not save us from temptations— He sustains us in the midst of
them (see Hebrews 2:18 and Hebrews 4:15-16).

By Oswald Chambers

