http://utmost.org/one-of-god%E2%80%99s-great-don%E2%80%99ts/

One of God’s Great “Don’ts”

Do not fret— it only causes harm. —Psalm 37:8

Fretting means getting ourselves “out of joint” mentally or
spiritually. It is one thing to say, “Do not fret,” but something very
different to have such a nature that you find yourself unable to fret.
It’s easy to say, “Rest in the Lord, and wait patiently for Him”
(Psalm 37:7) until our own little world is turned upside down and we
are forced to live in confusion and agony like so many other people.
Is it possible to “rest in the Lord” then? If this “Do not” doesn’t
work there, then it will not work anywhere. This “Do not” must work
during our days of difficulty and uncertainty, as well as our peaceful
days, or it will never work. And if it will not work in your
particular case, it will not work for anyone else. Resting in the Lord
is not dependent on your external circumstances at all, but on your
relationship with God Himself.

Worrying always results in sin. We tend to think that a little anxiety
and worry are simply an indication of how wise we really are, yet it
is actually a much better indication of just how wicked we are.
Fretting rises from our determination to have our own way. Our Lord
never worried and was never anxious, because His purpose was never to
accomplish His own plans but to fulfill God’s plans. Fretting is
wickedness for a child of God.

Have you been propping up that foolish soul of yours with the idea
that your circumstances are too much for God to handle? Set all your
opinions and speculations aside and “abide under the shadow of the
Almighty” (Psalm 91:1). Deliberately tell God that you will not fret
about whatever concerns you. All our fretting and worrying is caused
by planning without God.

By Oswald Chambers

