http://utmost.org/the-concept-of-divine-control/

The Concept of Divine Control

…how much more will your Father who is in heaven give good things to
those who ask Him! —Matthew 7:11

Jesus is laying down the rules of conduct in this passage for those
people who have His Spirit. He urges us to keep our minds filled with
the concept of God’s control over everything, which means that a
disciple must maintain an attitude of perfect trust and an eagerness
to ask and to seek.

Fill your mind with the thought that God is there. And once your mind
is truly filled with that thought, when you experience difficulties it
will be as easy as breathing for you to remember, “My heavenly Father
knows all about this!” This will be no effort at all, but will be a
natural thing for you when difficulties and uncertainties arise.
Before you formed this concept of divine control so powerfully in your
mind, you used to go from person to person seeking help, but now you
go to God about it. Jesus is laying down the rules of conduct for
those people who have His Spirit, and it works on the following
principle: God is my Father, He loves me, and I will never think of
anything that He will forget, so why should I worry?

Jesus said there are times when God cannot lift the darkness from you,
but you should trust Him. At times God will appear like an unkind
friend, but He is not; He will appear like an unnatural father, but He
is not; He will appear like an unjust judge, but He is not. Keep the
thought that the mind of God is behind all things strong and growing.
Not even the smallest detail of life happens unless God’s will is
behind it. Therefore, you can rest in perfect confidence in Him.
Prayer is not only asking, but is an attitude of the mind which
produces the atmosphere in which asking is perfectly natural. “Ask,
and it will be given to you…” (Matthew 7:7).

By Oswald Chambers

