http://utmost.org/the-strictest-discipline/

The Strictest Discipline

If your right hand causes you to sin, cut it off and cast it from you;
for it is more profitable for you that one of your members perish,
than for your whole body to be cast into hell. —Matthew 5:30

Jesus did not say that everyone must cut off his right hand, but that
“if your right hand causes you to sin” in your walk with Him, then it
is better to “cut it off.” There are many things that are perfectly
legitimate, but if you are going to concentrate on God you cannot do
them. Your right hand is one of the best things you have, but Jesus
says that if it hinders you in following His precepts, then “cut it
off.” The principle taught here is the strictest discipline or lesson
that ever hit humankind.

When God changes you through regeneration, giving you new life through
spiritual rebirth, your life initially has the characteristic of being
maimed. There are a hundred and one things that you dare not do—
things that would be sin for you, and would be recognized as sin by
those who really know you. But the unspiritual people around you will
say, “What’s so wrong with doing that? How absurd you are!” There has
never yet been a saint who has not lived a maimed life initially. Yet
it is better to enter into life maimed but lovely in God’s sight than
to appear lovely to man’s eyes but lame to God’s. At first, Jesus
Christ through His Spirit has to restrain you from doing a great many
things that may be perfectly right for everyone else but not right for
you. Yet, see that you don’t use your restrictions to criticize
someone else.

The Christian life is a maimed life initially, but in Matthew
5:48 Jesus gave us the picture of a perfectly well-rounded life— “You
shall be perfect, just as your Father in heaven is perfect.”

By Oswald Chambers

