http://utmost.org/inner-invincibility/

Inner Invincibility

Take My yoke upon you and learn from Me… —Matthew 11:29

“Whom the Lord loves He chastens…” (Hebrews 12:6). How petty our
complaining is! Our Lord begins to bring us to the point where we can
have fellowship with Him, only to hear us moan and groan, saying, “Oh
Lord, just let me be like other people!” Jesus is asking us to get
beside Him and take one end of the yoke, so that we can pull together.
That’s why Jesus says to us, “My yoke is easy and My burden is light”
(Matthew 11:30). Are you closely identified with the Lord Jesus like
that? If so, you will thank God when you feel the pressure of His hand
upon you.

“…to those who have no might He increases strength” (Isaiah 40:29).
God comes and takes us out of our emotionalism, and then our
complaining turns into a hymn of praise. The only way to know the
strength of God is to take the yoke of Jesus upon us and to learn from
Him.

“…the joy of the Lord is your strength” (Nehemiah 8:10). Where do the
saints get their joy? If we did not know some Christians well, we
might think from just observing them that they have no burdens at all
to bear. But we must lift the veil from our eyes. The fact that the
peace, light, and joy of God is in them is proof that a burden is
there as well. The burden that God places on us squeezes the grapes in
our lives and produces the wine, but most of us see only the wine and
not the burden. No power on earth or in hell can conquer the Spirit of
God living within the human spirit; it creates an inner invincibility.

If your life is producing only a whine, instead of the wine, then
ruthlessly kick it out. It is definitely a crime for a Christian to be
weak in God’s strength.

By Oswald Chambers

