https://utmost.org/obedience-or-independence/

Obedience or Independence?

If you love Me, keep My commandments. —John 14:15

Our Lord never insists on obedience. He stresses very definitely what
we ought to do, but He never forces us to do it. We have to obey Him
out of a oneness of spirit with Him. That is why whenever our Lord
talked about discipleship, He prefaced it with an “If,” meaning, “You
do not need to do this unless you desire to do so.” “If anyone desires
to come after Me, let him deny himself…” (Luke 9:23). In other words,
“To be My disciple, let him give up his right to himself to Me.” Our
Lord is not talking about our eternal position, but about our being of
value to Him in this life here and now. That is why He sounds so stern
(see Luke 14:26). Never try to make sense from these words by
separating them from the One who spoke them.

The Lord does not give me rules, but He makes His standard very clear.
If my relationship to Him is that of love, I will do what He says
without hesitation. If I hesitate, it is because I love someone I have
placed in competition with Him, namely, myself. Jesus Christ will not
force me to obey Him, but I must. And as soon as I obey Him, I fulfill
my spiritual destiny. My personal life may be crowded with small,
petty happenings, altogether insignificant. But if I obey Jesus Christ
in the seemingly random circumstances of life, they become pinholes
through which I see the face of God. Then, when I stand face to face
with God, I will discover that through my obedience thousands were
blessed. When God’s redemption brings a human soul to the point of
obedience, it always produces. If I obey Jesus Christ, the redemption
of God will flow through me to the lives of others, because behind the
deed of obedience is the reality of Almighty God.

By Oswald Chambers

