http://utmost.org/still-human/

Still Human!

…whatever you do, do all to the glory of God. —1 Corinthians 10:31

In the Scriptures, the great miracle of the incarnation slips into the
ordinary life of a child; the great miracle of the transfiguration
fades into the demon-possessed valley below; the glory of the
resurrection descends into a breakfast on the seashore. This is not an
anticlimax, but a great revelation of God.

We have a tendency to look for wonder in our experience, and we
mistake heroic actions for real heroes. It’s one thing to go through a
crisis grandly, yet quite another to go through every day glorifying
God when there is no witness, no limelight, and no one paying even the
remotest attention to us. If we are not looking for halos, we at least
want something that will make people say, “What a wonderful man of
prayer he is!” or, “What a great woman of devotion she is!” If you are
properly devoted to the Lord Jesus, you have reached the lofty height
where no one would ever notice you personally. All that is noticed is
the power of God coming through you all the time.

We want to be able to say, “Oh, I have had a wonderful call from God!”
But to do even the most humbling tasks to the glory of God takes the
Almighty God Incarnate working in us. To be utterly unnoticeable
requires God’s Spirit in us making us absolutely humanly His. The true
test of a saint’s life is not successfulness but faithfulness on the
human level of life. We tend to set up success in Christian work as
our purpose, but our purpose should be to display the glory of God in
human life, to live a life “hidden with Christ in God” in our everyday
human conditions (Colossians 3:3). Our human relationships are the
very conditions in which the ideal life of God should be exhibited.

By Oswald Chambers

