http://utmost.org/the-mystery-of-believing/

The Mystery of Believing

He said, "Who are You, Lord?" —Acts 9:5

Through the miracle of redemption, Saul of Tarsus was instantly
changed from a strong-willed and forceful Pharisee into a humble and
devoted bondservant of the Lord Jesus.

There is nothing miraculous or mysterious about the things we can
explain. We control what we are able to explain, consequently it is
only natural to seek an explanation for everything. It is not natural
to obey, yet it is not necessarily sinful to disobey. There can be no
real disobedience, nor any moral virtue in obedience, unless a person
recognizes the higher authority of the one giving the orders. If this
recognition does not exist, even the one giving the orders may view
the other person’s disobedience as freedom. If one rules another by
saying, “You must do this,” and, “You will do that,” he breaks the
human spirit, making it unfit for God. A person is simply a slave for
obeying, unless behind his obedience is the recognition of a holy God.

Many people begin coming to God once they stop being religious,
because there is only one master of the human heart— Jesus Christ, not
religion. But “Woe is me” if after seeing Him I still will not obey
(Isaiah 6:5 , also see Isaiah 6:1). Jesus will never insist that I
obey, but if I don’t,I have already begun to sign the death
certificate of the Son of God in my soul. When I stand face to face
with Jesus Christ and say, “I will not obey,” He will never insist.
But when I do this, I am backing away from the recreating power of His
redemption. It makes no difference to God’s grace what an abomination
I am, if I will only come to the light. But “Woe is me” if I refuse
the light (see John 3:19-21).

By Oswald Chambers

