http://utmost.org/what-to-renounce/

What To Renounce

We have renounced the hidden things of shame…  —2 Corinthians 4:2

Have you “renounced the hidden things of shame” in your life— the
things that your sense of honor or pride will not allow to come into
the light? You can easily hide them. Is there a thought in your heart
about anyone that you would not like to be brought into the light?
Then renounce it as soon as it comes to mind— renounce everything in
its entirety until there is no hidden dishonesty or craftiness about
you at all. Envy, jealousy, and strife don’t necessarily arise from
your old nature of sin, but from the flesh which was used for these
kinds of things in the past (see Romans 6:19 and 1 Peter 4:1-3). You
must maintain continual watchfulness so that nothing arises in your
life that would cause you shame.

“…not walking in craftiness…” (2 Corinthians 4:2). This means not
resorting to something simply to make your own point. This is a
terrible trap. You know that God will allow you to work in only one
way— the way of truth. Then be careful never to catch people through
the other way— the way of deceit. If you act deceitfully, God’s blight
and ruin will be upon you. What may be craftiness for you, may not be
for others— God has called you to a higher standard. Never dull your
sense of being your utmost for His highest— your best for His glory.
For you, doing certain things would mean craftiness coming into your
life for a purpose other than what is the highest and best, and it
would dull the motivation that God has given you. Many people have
turned back because they are afraid to look at things from God’s
perspective. The greatest spiritual crisis comes when a person has to
move a little farther on in his faith than the beliefs he has already
accepted.

By Oswald Chambers

