http://utmost.org/are-you-listening-to-god/

Are You Listening to God?

They said to Moses, "You speak with us, and we will hear; but let not
God speak with us, lest we die." —Exodus 20:19

We don’t consciously and deliberately disobey God— we simply don’t
listen to Him. God has given His commands to us, but we pay no
attention to them— not because of willful disobedience, but because we
do not truly love and respect Him. “If you love Me, keep My
commandments” (John 14:15). Once we realize we have constantly been
showing disrespect to God, we will be filled with shame and
humiliation for ignoring Him.

“You speak with us,…but let not God speak with us….” We show how
little love we have for God by preferring to listen to His servants
rather than to Him. We like to listen to personal testimonies, but we
don’t want God Himself to speak to us. Why are we so terrified for God
to speak to us? It is because we know that when God speaks we must
either do what He asks or tell Him we will not obey. But if it is
simply one of God’s servants speaking to us, we feel obedience is
optional, not imperative. We respond by saying, “Well, that’s only
your own idea, even though I don’t deny that what you said is probably
God’s truth.”

Am I constantly humiliating God by ignoring Him, while He lovingly
continues to treat me as His child? Once I finally do hear Him, the
humiliation I have heaped on Him returns to me. My response then
becomes, “Lord, why was I so insensitive and obstinate?” This is
always the result once we hear God. But our real delight in finally
hearing Him is tempered with the shame we feel for having taken so
long to do so.

By Oswald Chambers

