http://utmost.org/do-it-yourself-2/

Do It Yourself (2)

…bringing every thought into captivity to the obedience of Christ… —2
Corinthians 10:5

Determinedly Discipline Other Things. This is another difficult aspect
of the strenuous nature of sainthood. Paul said, according to the
Moffatt translation of this verse, “…I take every project prisoner to
make it obey Christ….” So much Christian work today has never been
disciplined, but has simply come into being by impulse! In our Lord’s
life every project was disciplined to the will of His Father. There
was never the slightest tendency to follow the impulse of His own will
as distinct from His Father’s will— “the Son can do nothing of
Himself…” (John 5:19). Then compare this with what we do— we take
“every thought” or project that comes to us by impulse and jump into
action immediately, instead of imprisoning and disciplining ourselves
to obey Christ.

Practical work for Christians is greatly overemphasized today, and the
saints who are “bringing every thought [and project] into captivity”
are criticized and told that they are not determined, and that they
lack zeal for God or zeal for the souls of others. But true
determination and zeal are found in obeying God, not in the
inclination to serve Him that arises from our own undisciplined human
nature. It is inconceivable, but true nevertheless, that saints are
not “bringing every thought [and project] into captivity,” but are
simply doing work for God that has been instigated by their own human
nature, and has not been made spiritual through determined discipline.

We have a tendency to forget that a person is not only committed to
Jesus Christ for salvation, but is also committed, responsible, and
accountable to Jesus Christ’s view of God, the world, and of sin and
the devil. This means that each person must recognize the
responsibility to “be transformed by the renewing of [his] mind….”
(Romans 12:2).

By Oswald Chambers

