http://utmost.org/judgment-and-the-love-of-god/

Judgment and the Love of God

The time has come for judgment to begin at the house of God… —1 Peter
4:17

The Christian servant must never forget that salvation is God’s idea,
not man’s; therefore, it has an unfathomable depth. Salvation is the
great thought of God, not an experience. Experience is simply the door
through which salvation comes into the conscious level of our life so
that we are aware of what has taken place on a much deeper level.
Never preach the experience— preach the great thought of God behind
the experience. When we preach, we are not simply proclaiming how
people can be saved from hell and be made moral and pure; we are
conveying good news about God.

In the teachings of Jesus Christ the element of judgment is always
brought out— it is the sign of the love of God. Never sympathize with
someone who finds it difficult to get to God; God is not to blame. It
is not for us to figure out the reason for the difficulty, but only to
present the truth of God so that the Spirit of God will reveal what is
wrong. The greatest test of the quality of our preaching is whether or
not it brings everyone to judgment. When the truth is preached, the
Spirit of God brings each person face to face with God Himself.

If Jesus ever commanded us to do something that He was unable to equip
us to accomplish, He would be a liar. And if we make our own inability
a stumbling block or an excuse not to be obedient, it means that we
are telling God that there is something which He has not yet taken
into account. Every element of our own self-reliance must be put to
death by the power of God. The moment we recognize our complete
weakness and our dependence upon Him will be the very moment that the
Spirit of God will exhibit His power.

By Oswald Chambers

