http://utmost.org/vicarious-intercession/

Vicarious Intercession

…having boldness to enter the Holiest by the blood of Jesus… —Hebrews
10:19

Beware of thinking that intercession means bringing our own personal
sympathies and concerns into the presence of God, and then demanding
that He do whatever we ask. Our ability to approach God is due
entirely to the vicarious, or substitutionary, identification of our
Lord with sin. We have “boldness to enter the Holiest by the blood of
Jesus.”

Spiritual stubbornness is the most effective hindrance to
intercession, because it is based on a sympathetic “understanding” of
things we see in ourselves and others that we think needs no
atonement. We have the idea that there are certain good and virtuous
things in each of us that do not need to be based on the atonement by
the Cross of Christ. Just the sluggishness and lack of interest
produced by this kind of thinking makes us unable to intercede. We do
not identify ourselves with God’s interests and concerns for others,
and we get irritated with Him. Yet we are always ready with our own
ideas, and our intercession becomes only the glorification of our own
natural sympathies. We have to realize that the identification of
Jesus with sin means a radical change of all of our sympathies and
interests. Vicarious intercession means that we deliberately
substitute God’s interests in others for our natural sympathy with
them.

Am I stubborn or substituted? Am I spoiled or complete in my
relationship to God? Am I irritable or spiritual? Am I determined to
have my own way or determined to be identified with Him?

By Oswald Chambers

