http://utmost.org/the-unheeded-secret/

The Unheeded Secret

Jesus answered, "My kingdom is not of this world." —John 18:36

The great enemy of the Lord Jesus Christ today is the idea of
practical work that has no basis in the New Testament but comes from
the systems of the world. This work insists upon endless energy and
activities, but no private life with God. The emphasis is put on the
wrong thing. Jesus said, “The kingdom of God does not come with
observation….For indeed, the kingdom of God is within you” (Luke
17:20-21). It is a hidden, obscure thing. An active Christian worker
too often lives to be seen by others, while it is the innermost,
personal area that reveals the power of a person’s life.

We must get rid of the plague of the spirit of this religious age in
which we live. In our Lord’s life there was none of the pressure and
the rushing of tremendous activity that we regard so highly today, and
a disciple is to be like His Master. The central point of the kingdom
of Jesus Christ is a personal relationship with Him, not public
usefulness to others.

It is not the practical activities that are the strength of this Bible
Training College— its entire strength lies in the fact that here you
are immersed in the truths of God to soak in them before Him. You have
no idea of where or how God is going to engineer your future
circumstances, and no knowledge of what stress and strain is going to
be placed on you either at home or abroad. And if you waste your time
in overactivity, instead of being immersed in the great fundamental
truths of God’s redemption, then you will snap when the stress and
strain do come. But if this time of soaking before God is being spent
in getting rooted and grounded in Him, which may appear to be
impractical, then you will remain true to Him whatever happens.

By Oswald Chambers

