https://utmost.org/turning-back-or-walking-with-jesus/

Turning Back or Walking with Jesus?

Do you also want to go away? —John 6:67

What a penetrating question! Our Lord’s words often hit home for us
when He speaks in the simplest way. In spite of the fact that we know
who Jesus is, He asks, “Do you also want to go away?” We must
continually maintain an adventurous attitude toward Him, despite any
potential personal risk.

“From that time many of His disciples went back and walked with Him no
more” (John 6:66). They turned back from walking with Jesus; not into
sin, but away from Him. Many people today are pouring their lives out
and working for Jesus Christ, but are not really walking with Him. One
thing God constantly requires of us is a oneness with Jesus Christ.
After being set apart through sanctification, we should discipline our
lives spiritually to maintain this intimate oneness. When God gives
you a clear determination of His will for you, all your striving to
maintain that relationship by some particular method is completely
unnecessary. All that is required is to live a natural life of
absolute dependence on Jesus Christ. Never try to live your life with
God in any other way than His way. And His way means absolute devotion
to Him. Showing no concern for the uncertainties that lie ahead is the
secret of walking with Jesus.

Peter saw in Jesus only someone who could minister salvation to him
and to the world. But our Lord wants us to be fellow laborers with
Him.

In John 6:70 Jesus lovingly reminded Peter that he was chosen to go
with Him. And each of us must answer this question for ourselves and
no one else: “Do you also want to go away?”

By Oswald Chambers

