http://utmost.org/learning-about-his-ways/

Learning About His Ways

When Jesus finished commanding His twelve disciples…He departed from
there to teach and to preach in their cities. —Matthew 11:1

He comes where He commands us to leave. If you stayed home when God
told you to go because you were so concerned about your own people
there, then you actually robbed them of the teaching of Jesus Christ
Himself. When you obeyed and left all the consequences to God, the
Lord went into your city to teach, but as long as you were
disobedient, you blocked His way. Watch where you begin to debate with
Him and put what you call your duty into competition with His
commands. If you say, “I know that He told me to go, but my duty is
here,” it simply means that you do not believe that Jesus means what
He says.

He teaches where He instructs us not to teach. “Master…let us make
three tabernacles…” (Luke 9:33).

Are we playing the part of an amateur providence, trying to play God’s
role in the lives of others? Are we so noisy in our instruction of
other people that God cannot get near them? We must learn to keep our
mouths shut and our spirits alert. God wants to instruct us regarding
His Son, and He wants to turn our times of prayer into mounts of
transfiguration. When we become certain that God is going to work in a
particular way, He will never work in that way again.

He works where He sends us to wait. “…tarry…until…” (Luke 24:49).
“Wait on the Lord” and He will work (Psalm 37:34). But don’t wait
sulking spiritually and feeling sorry for yourself, just because you
can’t see one inch in front of you! Are we detached enough from our
own spiritual fits of emotion to “wait patiently for Him”? (Psalm
37:7). Waiting is not sitting with folded hands doing nothing, but it
is learning to do what we are told.

These are some of the facets of His ways that we rarely recognize.

By Oswald Chambers

