https://utmost.org/the-source-of-abundant-joy/

The Source of Abundant Joy

In all these things we are more than conquerors through Him who loved
us. —Romans 8:37

Paul was speaking here of the things that might seem likely to
separate a saint from the love of God. But the remarkable thing is
that nothing can come between the love of God and a saint. The things
Paul mentioned in this passage can and do disrupt the close fellowship
of our soul with God and separate our natural life from Him. But none
of them is able to come between the love of God and the soul of a
saint on the spiritual level. The underlying foundation of the
Christian faith is the undeserved, limitless miracle of the love of
God that was exhibited on the Cross of Calvary; a love that is not
earned and can never be. Paul said this is the reason that “in all
these things we are more than conquerors.” We are super-victors with a
joy that comes from experiencing the very things which look as if they
are going to overwhelm us.

Huge waves that would frighten an ordinary swimmer produce a
tremendous thrill for the surfer who has ridden them. Let’s apply that
to our own circumstances. The things we try to avoid and fight
against— tribulation, suffering, and persecution— are the very things
that produce abundant joy in us. “We are more than conquerors through
Him” “in all these things”; not in spite of them, but in the midst of
them. A saint doesn’t know the joy of the Lord in spite of
tribulation, but because of it. Paul said, “I am exceedingly joyful in
all our tribulation” (2 Corinthians 7:4).

The undiminished radiance, which is the result of abundant joy, is not
built on anything passing, but on the love of God that nothing can
change. And the experiences of life, whether they are everyday events
or terrifying ones, are powerless to “separate us from the love of God
which is in Christ Jesus our Lord” (Romans 8:39).

By Oswald Chambers

