http://utmost.org/the-place-of-exaltation/

The Place of Exaltation

…Jesus took…them up on a high mountain apart by themselves… —Mark 9:2

We have all experienced times of exaltation on the mountain, when we
have seen things from God’s perspective and have wanted to stay there.
But God will never allow us to stay there. The true test of our
spiritual life is in exhibiting the power to descend from the
mountain. If we only have the power to go up, something is wrong. It
is a wonderful thing to be on the mountain with God, but a person only
gets there so that he may later go down and lift up the demon-
possessed people in the valley (see Mark 9:14-18). We are not made for
the mountains, for sunrises, or for the other beautiful attractions in
life— those are simply intended to be moments of inspiration. We are
made for the valley and the ordinary things of life, and that is where
we have to prove our stamina and strength. Yet our spiritual
selfishness always wants repeated moments on the mountain. We feel
that we could talk and live like perfect angels, if we could only stay
on the mountaintop. Those times of exaltation are exceptional and they
have their meaning in our life with God, but we must beware to prevent
our spiritual selfishness from wanting to make them the only time.

We are inclined to think that everything that happens is to be turned
into useful teaching. In actual fact, it is to be turned into
something even better than teaching, namely, character. The
mountaintop is not meant to teach us anything, it is meant to make us
something. There is a terrible trap in always asking, “What’s the use
of this experience?” We can never measure spiritual matters in that
way. The moments on the mountaintop are rare moments, and they are
meant for something in God’s purpose.

By Oswald Chambers

