https://utmost.org/abraham%E2%80%99s-life-of-faith/

Abraham’s Life of Faith

He went out, not knowing where he was going. —Hebrews 11:8

In the Old Testament, a person’s relationship with God was seen by the
degree of separation in that person’s life. This separation is
exhibited in the life of Abraham by his separation from his country
and his family. When we think of separation today, we do not mean to
be literally separated from those family members who do not have a
personal relationship with God, but to be separated mentally and
morally from their viewpoints. This is what Jesus Christ was referring
to in Luke 14:26.

Living a life of faith means never knowing where you are being led.
But it does mean loving and knowing the One who is leading. It is
literally a life of faith, not of understanding and reason— a life of
knowing Him who calls us to go. Faith is rooted in the knowledge of a
Person, and one of the biggest traps we fall into is the belief that
if we have faith, God will surely lead us to success in the world.

The final stage in the life of faith is the attainment of character,
and we encounter many changes in the process. We feel the presence of
God around us when we pray, yet we are only momentarily changed. We
tend to keep going back to our everyday ways and the glory vanishes. A
life of faith is not a life of one glorious mountaintop experience
after another, like soaring on eagles’ wings, but is a life of day-in
and day-out consistency; a life of walking without fainting (see
Isaiah 40:31). It is not even a question of the holiness of
sanctification, but of something which comes much farther down the
road. It is a faith that has been tried and proved and has withstood
the test. Abraham is not a type or an example of the holiness of
sanctification, but a type of the life of faith— a faith, tested and
true, built on the true God. “Abraham believed God…” (Romans 4:3).

By Oswald Chambers

