http://utmost.org/complete-and-effective-dominion/

Complete and Effective Dominion

Death no longer has dominion over Him.…the life that He lives, He
lives to God. Likewise you also, reckon yourselves to be dead indeed
to sin, but alive to God… —Romans 6:9-11

Co-Eternal Life. Eternal life is the life which Jesus Christ exhibited
on the human level. And it is this same life, not simply a copy of it,
which is made evident in our mortal flesh when we are born again.
Eternal life is not a gift from God; eternal life is the gift of God.
The energy and the power which was so very evident in Jesus will be
exhibited in us by an act of the absolute sovereign grace of God, once
we have made that complete and effective decision about sin.

“You shall receive power when the Holy Spirit has come upon you…”
(Acts 1:8)— not power as a gift from the Holy Spirit; the power is the
Holy Spirit, not something that He gives us. The life that was in
Jesus becomes ours because of His Cross, once we make the decision to
be identified with Him. If it is difficult to get right with God, it
is because we refuse to make this moral decision about sin. But once
we do decide, the full life of God comes in immediately. Jesus came to
give us an endless supply of life— “…that you may be filled with all
the fullness of God” (Ephesians 3:19). Eternal life has nothing to do
with time. It is the life which Jesus lived when He was down here, and
the only Source of life is the Lord Jesus Christ.

Even the weakest saint can experience the power of the deity of the
Son of God, when he is willing to “let go.” But any effort to “hang
on” to the least bit of our own power will only diminish the life of
Jesus in us. We have to keep letting go, and slowly, but surely, the
great full life of God will invade us, penetrating every part. Then
Jesus will have complete and effective dominion in us, and people will
take notice that we have been with Him.

By Oswald Chambers

