http://utmost.org/coming-to-jesus/

Coming to Jesus

Come to Me… —Matthew 11:28

Isn’t it humiliating to be told that we must come to Jesus! Think of
the things about which we will not come to Jesus Christ. If you want
to know how real you are, test yourself by these words— “Come to Me….”
In every dimension in which you are not real, you will argue or evade
the issue altogether rather than come; you will go through sorrow
rather than come; and you will do anything rather than come the last
lap of the race of seemingly unspeakable foolishness and say, “Just as
I am, I come.” As long as you have even the least bit of spiritual
disrespect, it will always reveal itself in the fact that you are
expecting God to tell you to do something very big, and yet all He is
telling you to do is to “Come….”

“Come to Me….” When you hear those words, you will know that something
must happen in you before you can come. The Holy Spirit will show you
what you have to do, and it will involve anything that will uproot
whatever is preventing you from getting through to Jesus. And you will
never get any further until you are willing to do that very thing. The
Holy Spirit will search out that one immovable stronghold within you,
but He cannot budge it unless you are willing to let Him do so.

How often have you come to God with your requests and gone away
thinking, “I’ve really received what I wanted this time!” And yet you
go away with nothing, while all the time God has stood with His hands
outstretched not only to take you but also for you to take Him. Just
think of the invincible, unconquerable, and untiring patience of
Jesus, who lovingly says, “Come to Me….”

By Oswald Chambers

