http://utmost.org/the-focal-point-of-spiritual-power/

The Focal Point of Spiritual Power

…except in the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ… —Galatians 6:14

If you want to know the power of God (that is, the resurrection life
of Jesus) in your human flesh, you must dwell on the tragedy of God.
Break away from your personal concern over your own spiritual
condition, and with a completely open spirit consider the tragedy of
God. Instantly the power of God will be in you. “Look to Me…” (Isaiah
45:22). Pay attention to the external Source and the internal power
will be there. We lose power because we don’t focus on the right
thing. The effect of the Cross is salvation, sanctification, healing,
etc., but we are not to preach any of these. We are to preach “Jesus
Christ and Him crucified” (1 Corinthians 2:2). The proclaiming of
Jesus will do its own work. Concentrate on God’s focal point in your
preaching, and even if your listeners seem to pay it no attention,
they will never be the same again. If I share my own words, they are
of no more importance than your words are to me. But if we share the
truth of God with one another, we will encounter it again and again.
We have to focus on the great point of spiritual power— the Cross. If
we stay in contact with that center of power, its energy is released
in our lives. In holiness movements and spiritual experience meetings,
the focus tends to be put not on the Cross of Christ but on the
effects of the Cross.

The feebleness of the church is being criticized today, and the
criticism is justified. One reason for the feebleness is that there
has not been this focus on the true center of spiritual power. We have
not dwelt enough on the tragedy of Calvary or on the meaning of
redemption.

By Oswald Chambers

