https://utmost.org/maintaining-the-proper-relationship/

Maintaining the Proper Relationship

…the friend of the bridegroom… —John 3:29

Goodness and purity should never be traits that draw attention to
themselves, but should simply be magnets that draw people to Jesus
Christ. If my holiness is not drawing others to Him, it is not the
right kind of holiness; it is only an influence which awakens undue
emotions and evil desires in people and diverts them from heading in
the right direction. A person who is a beautiful saint can be a
hindrance in leading people to the Lord by presenting only what Christ
has done for him, instead of presenting Jesus Christ Himself. Others
will be left with this thought— “What a fine person that man is!” That
is not being a true “friend of the bridegroom”— I am increasing all
the time; He is not.

To maintain this friendship and faithfulness to the Bridegroom, we
have to be more careful to have the moral and vital relationship to
Him above everything else, including obedience. Sometimes there is
nothing to obey and our only task is to maintain a vital connection
with Jesus Christ, seeing that nothing interferes with it. Only
occasionally is it a matter of obedience. At those times when a crisis
arises, we have to find out what God’s will is. Yet most of our life
is not spent in trying to be consciously obedient, but in maintaining
this relationship— being the “friend of the bridegroom.” Christian
work can actually be a means of diverting a person’s focus away from
Jesus Christ. Instead of being friends “of the bridegroom,” we may
become amateur providences of God to someone else, working against Him
while we use His weapons.

By Oswald Chambers

