https://utmost.org/are-you-ready-to-be-poured-out-as-an-offering-2/

Are You Ready To Be Poured Out As an Offering? (2)

I am already being poured out as a drink offering… —2 Timothy 4:6

Are you ready to be poured out as an offering? It is an act of your
will, not your emotions. Tell God you are ready to be offered as a
sacrifice for Him. Then accept the consequences as they come, without
any complaints, in spite of what God may send your way. God sends you
through a crisis in private, where no other person can help you. From
the outside your life may appear to be the same, but the difference is
taking place in your will. Once you have experienced the crisis in
your will, you will take no thought of the cost when it begins to
affect you externally. If you don’t deal with God on the level of your
will first, the result will be only to arouse sympathy for yourself.

“Bind the sacrifice with cords to the horns of the altar” (Psalm
118:27). You must be willing to be placed on the altar and go through
the fire; willing to experience what the altar represents— burning,
purification, and separation for only one purpose— the elimination of
every desire and affection not grounded in or directed toward God. But
you don’t eliminate it, God does. You “bind the sacrifice…to the horns
of the altar” and see to it that you don’t wallow in self-pity once
the fire begins. After you have gone through the fire, there will be
nothing that will be able to trouble or depress you. When another
crisis arises, you will realize that things cannot touch you as they
used to do. What fire lies ahead in your life?

Tell God you are ready to be poured out as an offering, and God will
prove Himself to be all you ever dreamed He would be.

By Oswald Chambers

