http://utmost.org/destined-to-be-holy/

Destined To Be Holy

…it is written, "Be holy, for I am holy." —1 Peter 1:16

We must continually remind ourselves of the purpose of life. We are
not destined to happiness, nor to health, but to holiness. Today we
have far too many desires and interests, and our lives are being
consumed and wasted by them. Many of them may be right, noble, and
good, and may later be fulfilled, but in the meantime God must cause
their importance to us to decrease. The only thing that truly matters
is whether a person will accept the God who will make him holy. At all
costs, a person must have the right relationship with God.

Do I believe I need to be holy? Do I believe that God can come into me
and make me holy? If through your preaching you convince me that I am
unholy, I then resent your preaching. The preaching of the gospel
awakens an intense resentment because it is designed to reveal my
unholiness, but it also awakens an intense yearning and desire within
me. God has only one intended destiny for mankind— holiness. His only
goal is to produce saints. God is not some eternal blessing-machine
for people to use, and He did not come to save us out of pity— He came
to save us because He created us to be holy. Atonement through the
Cross of Christ means that God can put me back into perfect oneness
with Himself through the death of Jesus Christ, without a trace of
anything coming between us any longer.

Never tolerate, because of sympathy for yourself or for others, any
practice that is not in keeping with a holy God. Holiness means
absolute purity of your walk before God, the words coming from your
mouth, and every thought in your mind— placing every detail of your
life under the scrutiny of God Himself. Holiness is not simply what
God gives me, but what God has given me that is being exhibited in my
life.

By Oswald Chambers

