http://utmost.org/sharing-in-the-atonement/

Sharing in the Atonement

God forbid that I should boast except in the cross of our Lord Jesus
Christ… —Galatians 6:14

The gospel of Jesus Christ always forces a decision of our will. Have
I accepted God’s verdict on sin as judged on the Cross of Christ? Do I
have even the slightest interest in the death of Jesus? Do I want to
be identified with His death— to be completely dead to all interest in
sin, worldliness, and self? Do I long to be so closely identified with
Jesus that I am of no value for anything except Him and His purposes?
The great privilege of discipleship is that I can commit myself under
the banner of His Cross, and that means death to sin. You must get
alone with Jesus and either decide to tell Him that you do not want
sin to die out in you, or that at any cost you want to be identified
with His death. When you act in confident faith in what our Lord did
on the cross, a supernatural identification with His death takes place
immediately. And you will come to know through a higher knowledge that
your old life was “crucified with Him” (Romans 6:6). The proof that
your old life is dead, having been “crucified with Christ” (Galatians
2:20), is the amazing ease with which the life of God in you now
enables you to obey the voice of Jesus Christ.

Every once in a while our Lord gives us a glimpse of what we would be
like if it were not for Him. This is a confirmation of what He said—
“…without Me you can do nothing” (John 15:5). That is why the
underlying foundation of Christianity is personal, passionate devotion
to the Lord Jesus. We mistake the joy of our first introduction into
God’s kingdom as His purpose for getting us there. Yet God’s purpose
in getting us into His kingdom is that we may realize all that
identification with Jesus Christ means.

By Oswald Chambers

