http://utmost.org/have-you-come-to-when-yet/

Have You Come to “When” Yet?

The Lord restored Job’s losses when he prayed for his friends. —Job
42:10

A pitiful, sickly, and self-centered kind of prayer and a determined
effort and selfish desire to be right with God are never found in the
New Testament. The fact that I am trying to be right with God is
actually a sign that I am rebelling against the atonement by the Cross
of Christ. I pray, “Lord, I will purify my heart if You will answer my
prayer— I will walk rightly before You if You will help me.” But I
cannot make myself right with God; I cannot make my life perfect. I
can only be right with God if I accept the atonement of the Lord Jesus
Christ as an absolute gift. Am I humble enough to accept it? I have to
surrender all my rights and demands, and cease from every self-effort.
I must leave myself completely alone in His hands, and then I can
begin to pour my life out in the priestly work of intercession. There
is a great deal of prayer that comes from actual disbelief in the
atonement. Jesus is not just beginning to save us— He has already
saved us completely. It is an accomplished fact, and it is an insult
to Him for us to ask Him to do what He has already done.

If you are not now receiving the “hundredfold” which Jesus promised
(see Matthew 19:29), and not getting insight into God’s Word, then
start praying for your friends— enter into the ministry of the inner
life. “The Lord restored Job’s losses when he prayed for his friends.”
As a saved soul, the real business of your life is intercessory
prayer. Whatever circumstances God may place you in, always pray
immediately that His atonement may be recognized and as fully
understood in the lives of others as it has been in yours. Pray for
your friends now, and pray for those with whom you come in contact
now.

By Oswald Chambers

