https://utmost.org/the-surrendered-life/

The Surrendered Life

I have been crucified with Christ… —Galatians 2:20

To become one with Jesus Christ, a person must be willing not only to
give up sin, but also to surrender his whole way of looking at things.
Being born again by the Spirit of God means that we must first be
willing to let go before we can grasp something else. The first thing
we must surrender is all of our pretense or deceit. What our Lord
wants us to present to Him is not our goodness, honesty, or our
efforts to do better, but real solid sin. Actually, that is all He can
take from us. And what He gives us in exchange for our sin is real
solid righteousness. But we must surrender all pretense that we are
anything, and give up all our claims of even being worthy of God’s
consideration.

Once we have done that, the Spirit of God will show us what we need to
surrender next. Along each step of this process, we will have to give
up our claims to our rights to ourselves. Are we willing to surrender
our grasp on all that we possess, our desires, and everything else in
our lives? Are we ready to be identified with the death of Jesus
Christ?

We will suffer a sharp painful disillusionment before we fully
surrender. When people really see themselves as the Lord sees them, it
is not the terribly offensive sins of the flesh that shock them, but
the awful nature of the pride of their own hearts opposing Jesus
Christ. When they see themselves in the light of the Lord, the shame,
horror, and desperate conviction hit home for them.

If you are faced with the question of whether or not to surrender,
make a determination to go on through the crisis, surrendering all
that you have and all that you are to Him. And God will then equip you
to do all that He requires of you.

By Oswald Chambers

