http://utmost.org/the-forgiveness-of-god/

The Forgiveness of God

In Him we have…the forgiveness of sins… —Ephesians 1:7

Beware of the pleasant view of the fatherhood of God: God is so kind
and loving that of course He will forgive us. That thought, based
solely on emotion, cannot be found anywhere in the New Testament. The
only basis on which God can forgive us is the tremendous tragedy of
the Cross of Christ. To base our forgiveness on any other ground is
unconscious blasphemy. The only ground on which God can forgive our
sin and reinstate us to His favor is through the Cross of Christ.
There is no other way! Forgiveness, which is so easy for us to accept,
cost the agony at Calvary. We should never take the forgiveness of
sin, the gift of the Holy Spirit, and our sanctification in simple
faith, and then forget the enormous cost to God that made all of this
ours.

Forgiveness is the divine miracle of grace. The cost to God was the
Cross of Christ. To forgive sin, while remaining a holy God, this
price had to be paid. Never accept a view of the fatherhood of God if
it blots out the atonement. The revealed truth of God is that without
the atonement He cannot forgive— He would contradict His nature if He
did. The only way we can be forgiven is by being brought back to God
through the atonement of the Cross. God’s forgiveness is possible only
in the supernatural realm.

Compared with the miracle of the forgiveness of sin, the experience of
sanctification is small. Sanctification is simply the wonderful
expression or evidence of the forgiveness of sins in a human life. But
the thing that awakens the deepest fountain of gratitude in a human
being is that God has forgiven his sin. Paul never got away from this.
Once you realize all that it cost God to forgive you, you will be held
as in a vise, constrained by the love of God.

By Oswald Chambers

