http://utmost.org/the-way-to-knowledge/

The Way to Knowledge

If anyone wills to do His will, he shall know concerning the doctrine…
—John 7:17

The golden rule to follow to obtain spiritual understanding is not one
of intellectual pursuit, but one of obedience. If a person wants
scientific knowledge, then intellectual curiosity must be his guide.
But if he desires knowledge and insight into the teachings of Jesus
Christ, he can only obtain it through obedience. If spiritual things
seem dark and hidden to me, then I can be sure that there is a point
of disobedience somewhere in my life. Intellectual darkness is the
result of ignorance, but spiritual darkness is the result of something
that I do not intend to obey.

No one ever receives a word from God without instantly being put to
the test regarding it. We disobey and then wonder why we are not
growing spiritually. Jesus said, “If you bring your gift to the altar,
and there remember that your brother has something against you, leave
your gift there before the altar, and go your way. First be reconciled
to your brother, and then come and offer your gift” (Matthew 5:23-24).
He is saying, in essence, “Don’t say another word to me; first be
obedient by making things right.” The teachings of Jesus hit us where
we live. We cannot stand as impostors before Him for even one second.
He instructs us down to the very last detail. The Spirit of God
uncovers our spirit of self-vindication and makes us sensitive to
things that we have never even thought of before.

When Jesus drives something home to you through His Word, don’t try to
evade it. If you do, you will become a religious impostor. Examine the
things you tend simply to shrug your shoulders about, and where you
have refused to be obedient, and you will know why you are not growing
spiritually. As Jesus said, “First…go….” Even at the risk of being
thought of as fanatical, you must obey what God tells you.

By Oswald Chambers

