https://utmost.org/substitution/

Substitution

He made Him who knew no sin to be sin for us, that we might become the
righteousness of God in Him. —2 Corinthians 5:21

The modern view of the death of Jesus is that He died for our sins out
of sympathy for us. Yet the New Testament view is that He took our sin
on Himself not because of sympathy, but because of His identification
with us. He was “made…to be sin….” Our sins are removed because of the
death of Jesus, and the only explanation for His death is His
obedience to His Father, not His sympathy for us. We are acceptable to
God not because we have obeyed, nor because we have promised to give
up things, but because of the death of Christ, and for no other
reason. We say that Jesus Christ came to reveal the fatherhood and the
lovingkindness of God, but the New Testament says that He came to take
“away the sin of the world!” (John 1:29). And the revealing of the
fatherhood of God is only to those to whom Jesus has been introduced
as Savior. In speaking to the world, Jesus Christ never referred to
Himself as One who revealed the Father, but He spoke instead of being
a stumbling block (see John 15:22-24). John 14:9, where Jesus said,
“He who has seen Me has seen the Father,” was spoken to His disciples.

That Christ died for me, and therefore I am completely free from
penalty, is never taught in the New Testament. What is taught in the
New Testament is that “He died for all” (2 Corinthians 5:15)— not, “He
died my death”— and that through identification with His death I can
be freed from sin, and have His very righteousness imparted as a gift
to me. The substitution which is taught in the New Testament is
twofold— “For He made Him who knew no sin to be sin for us, that we
might become the righteousness of God in Him.” The teaching is not
Christ for me unless I am determined to have Christ formed in me
(see Galatians 4:19).

By Oswald Chambers

