http://utmost.org/recall-what-god-remembers/

Recall What God Remembers

Thus says the Lord: "I remember…the kindness of your youth…" —Jeremiah
2:2

Am I as spontaneously kind to God as I used to be, or am I only
expecting God to be kind to me? Does everything in my life fill His
heart with gladness, or do I constantly complain because things don’t
seem to be going my way? A person who has forgotten what God treasures
will not be filled with joy. It is wonderful to remember that Jesus
Christ has needs which we can meet— “Give Me a drink” (John 4:7). How
much kindness have I shown Him in the past week? Has my life been a
good reflection on His reputation?

God is saying to His people, “You are not in love with Me now, but I
remember a time when you were.” He says, “I remember…the love of your
betrothal…” (Jeremiah 2:2). Am I as filled to overflowing with love
for Jesus Christ as I was in the beginning, when I went out of my way
to prove my devotion to Him? Does He ever find me pondering the time
when I cared only for Him? Is that where I am now, or have I chosen
man’s wisdom over true love for Him? Am I so in love with Him that I
take no thought for where He might lead me? Or am I watching to see
how much respect I get as I measure how much service I should give
Him?

As I recall what God remembers about me, I may also begin to realize
that He is not what He used to be to me. When this happens, I should
allow the shame and humiliation it creates in my life, because it will
bring godly sorrow, and “godly sorrow produces repentance…” (2
Corinthians 7:10).

By Oswald Chambers

