https://utmost.org/the-nature-of-regeneration/

The Nature of Regeneration

When it pleased God…to reveal His Son in me… —Galatians 1:15-16

If Jesus Christ is going to regenerate me, what is the problem He
faces? It is simply this— I have a heredity in which I had no say or
decision; I am not holy, nor am I likely to be; and if all Jesus
Christ can do is tell me that I must be holy, His teaching only causes
me to despair. But if Jesus Christ is truly a regenerator, someone who
can put His own heredity of holiness into me, then I can begin to see
what He means when He says that I have to be holy. Redemption means
that Jesus Christ can put into anyone the hereditary nature that was
in Himself, and all the standards He gives us are based on that
nature— His teaching is meant to be applied to the life which He puts
within us. The proper action on my part is simply to agree with God’s
verdict on sin as judged on the Cross of Christ.

The New Testament teaching about regeneration is that when a person is
hit by his own sense of need, God will put the Holy Spirit into his
spirit, and his personal spirit will be energized by the Spirit of the
Son of God— “…until Christ is formed in you” (Galatians 4:19). The
moral miracle of redemption is that God can put a new nature into me
through which I can live a totally new life. When I finally reach the
edge of my need and know my own limitations, then Jesus says, “Blessed
are you…” (Matthew 5:11). But I must get to that point. God cannot put
into me, the responsible moral person that I am, the nature that was
in Jesus Christ unless I am aware of my need for it.

Just as the nature of sin entered into the human race through one man,
the Holy Spirit entered into the human race through another Man
(see Romans 5:12-19). And redemption means that I can be delivered
from the heredity of sin, and that through Jesus Christ I can receive
a pure and spotless heredity, namely, the Holy Spirit.

By Oswald Chambers

