http://utmost.org/the-awareness-of-the-call/

The Awareness of the Call

…for necessity is laid upon me; yes, woe is me if I do not preach the
gospel! —1 Corinthians 9:16

We are inclined to forget the deeply spiritual and supernatural touch
of God. If you are able to tell exactly where you were when you
received the call of God and can explain all about it, I question
whether you have truly been called. The call of God does not come like
that; it is much more supernatural. The realization of the call in a
person’s life may come like a clap of thunder or it may dawn
gradually. But however quickly or slowly this awareness comes, it is
always accompanied with an undercurrent of the supernatural— something
that is inexpressible and produces a “glow.” At any moment the sudden
awareness of this incalculable, supernatural, surprising call that has
taken hold of your life may break through— “I chose you…” (John
15:16). The call of God has nothing to do with salvation and
sanctification. You are not called to preach the gospel because you
are sanctified; the call to preach the gospel is infinitely different.
Paul describes it as a compulsion that was placed upon him.

If you have ignored, and thereby removed, the great supernatural call
of God in your life, take a review of your circumstances. See where
you have put your own ideas of service or your particular abilities
ahead of the call of God. Paul said, “…woe is me if I do not preach
the gospel!” He had become aware of the call of God, and his
compulsion to “preach the gospel” was so strong that nothing else was
any longer even a competitor for his strength.

If a man or woman is called of God, it doesn’t matter how difficult
the circumstances may be. God orchestrates every force at work for His
purpose in the end. If you will agree with God’s purpose, He will
bring not only your conscious level but also all the deeper levels of
your life, which you yourself cannot reach, into perfect harmony.

By Oswald Chambers

