http://utmost.org/the-greatest-source-of-power/

The Greatest Source of Power

Whatever you ask in My name, that I will do… —John 14:13

Am I fulfilling this ministry of intercession deep within the hidden
recesses of my life? There is no trap nor any danger at all of being
deceived or of showing pride in true intercession. It is a hidden
ministry that brings forth fruit through which the Father is
glorified. Am I allowing my spiritual life to waste away, or am I
focused, bringing everything to one central point— the atonement of my
Lord? Is Jesus Christ more and more dominating every interest of my
life? If the central point, or the most powerful influence, of my life
is the atonement of the Lord, then every aspect of my life will bear
fruit for Him.

However, I must take the time to realize what this central point of
power is. Am I willing to give one minute out of every hour to
concentrate on it? “If you abide in Me…”— that is, if you continue to
act, and think, and work from that central point— “you will ask what
you desire, and it shall be done for you” (John 15:7). Am I abiding?
Am I taking the time to abide? What is the greatest source of power in
my life? Is it my work, service, and sacrifice for others, or is it my
striving to work for God? It should be none of these— what ought to
exert the greatest power in my life is the atonement of the Lord. It
is not on what we spend the greatest amount of time that molds us the
most, but whatever exerts the most power over us. We must make a
determination to limit and concentrate our desires and interests on
the atonement by the Cross of Christ.

“Whatever you ask in My name, that I will do….” The disciple who
abides in Jesus is the will of God, and what appears to be his free
choices are actually God’s foreordained decrees. Is this mysterious?
Does it appear to contradict sound logic or seem totally absurd? Yes,
but what a glorious truth it is to a saint of God.

By Oswald Chambers

