https://utmost.org/the-supreme-climb/

The Supreme Climb

He said, "Take now your son…" —Genesis 22:2

God’s command is, “Take now,” not later. It is incredible how we
debate! We know something is right, but we try to find excuses for not
doing it immediately. If we are to climb to the height God reveals, it
can never be done later— it must be done now. And the sacrifice must
be worked through our will before we actually perform it.

“So Abraham rose early in the morning…and went to the place of which
God had told him” (Genesis 22:3). Oh, the wonderful simplicity of
Abraham! When God spoke, he did not “confer with flesh and blood”
(Galatians 1:16). Beware when you want to “confer with flesh and
blood” or even your own thoughts, insights, or understandings—
anything that is not based on your personal relationship with God.
These are all things that compete with and hinder obedience to God.

Abraham did not choose what the sacrifice would be. Always guard
against self-chosen service for God. Self-sacrifice may be a disease
that impairs your service. If God has made your cup sweet, drink it
with grace; or even if He has made it bitter, drink it in communion
with Him. If the providential will of God means a hard and difficult
time for you, go through it. But never decide the place of your own
martyrdom, as if to say, “I will only go to there, but no farther.”
God chose the test for Abraham, and Abraham neither delayed nor
protested, but steadily obeyed. If you are not living in touch with
God, it is easy to blame Him or pass judgment on Him. You must go
through the trial before you have any right to pronounce a verdict,
because by going through the trial you learn to know God better. God
is working in us to reach His highest goals until His purpose and our
purpose become one.

By Oswald Chambers

