http://utmost.org/the-inspiration-of-spiritual-initiative/

The Inspiration of Spiritual Initiative

Arise from the dead… —Ephesians 5:14

Not all initiative, the willingness to take the first step, is
inspired by God. Someone may say to you, “Get up and get going! Take
your reluctance by the throat and throw it overboard— just do what
needs to be done!” That is what we mean by ordinary human initiative.
But when the Spirit of God comes to us and says, in effect, “Get up
and get going,” suddenly we find that the initiative is inspired.

We all have many dreams and aspirations when we are young, but sooner
or later we realize we have no power to accomplish them. We cannot do
the things we long to do, so our tendency is to think of our dreams
and aspirations as dead. But God comes and says to us, “Arise from the
dead….” When God sends His inspiration, it comes to us with such
miraculous power that we are able to “arise from the dead” and do the
impossible. The remarkable thing about spiritual initiative is that
the life and power comes after we “get up and get going.” God does not
give us overcoming life— He gives us life as we overcome. When the
inspiration of God comes, and He says, “Arise from the dead…,” we have
to get ourselves up; God will not lift us up. Our Lord said to the man
with the withered hand, “Stretch out your hand” (Matthew 12:13). As
soon as the man did so, his hand was healed. But he had to take the
initiative. If we will take the initiative to overcome, we will find
that we have the inspiration of God, because He immediately gives us
the power of life.

By Oswald Chambers

