http://utmost.org/the-supremacy-of-jesus-christ/

The Supremacy of Jesus Christ

He will glorify Me… —John 16:14

The holiness movements of today have none of the rugged reality of the
New Testament about them. There is nothing about them that needs the
death of Jesus Christ. All that is required is a pious atmosphere,
prayer, and devotion. This type of experience is not supernatural nor
miraculous. It did not cost the sufferings of God, nor is it stained
with “the blood of the Lamb” (Revelation 12:11). It is not marked or
sealed by the Holy Spirit as being genuine, and it has no visual sign
that causes people to exclaim with awe and wonder, “That is the work
of God Almighty!” Yet the New Testament is about the work of God and
nothing else.

The New Testament example of the Christian experience is that of a
personal, passionate devotion to the Person of Jesus Christ. Every
other kind of so-called Christian experience is detached from the
Person of Jesus. There is no regeneration— no being born again into
the kingdom in which Christ lives and reigns supreme. There is only
the idea that He is our pattern. In the New Testament Jesus Christ is
the Savior long before He is the pattern. Today He is being portrayed
as the figurehead of a religion— a mere example. He is that, but He is
infinitely more. He is salvation itself; He is the gospel of God!

Jesus said, “…when He, the Spirit of truth, has come,…He will glorify
Me…” (John 16:13-14). When I commit myself to the revealed truth of
the New Testament, I receive from God the gift of the Holy Spirit, who
then begins interpreting to me what Jesus did. The Spirit of God does
in me internally all that Jesus Christ did for me externally.

By Oswald Chambers

