http://utmost.org/self-awareness/

Self-Awareness

Come to Me… —Matthew 11:28

God intends for us to live a well-rounded life in Christ Jesus, but
there are times when that life is attacked from the outside. Then we
tend to fall back into self-examination, a habit that we thought was
gone. Self-awareness is the first thing that will upset the
completeness of our life in God, and self-awareness continually
produces a sense of struggling and turmoil in our lives. Self-
awareness is not sin, and it can be produced by nervous emotions or by
suddenly being dropped into a totally new set of circumstances. Yet it
is never God’s will that we should be anything less than absolutely
complete in Him. Anything that disturbs our rest in Him must be
rectified at once, and it is not rectified by being ignored but only
by coming to Jesus Christ. If we will come to Him, asking Him to
produce Christ-awareness in us, He will always do it, until we fully
learn to abide in Him.

Never allow anything that divides or destroys the oneness of your life
with Christ to remain in your life without facing it. Beware of
allowing the influence of your friends or your circumstances to divide
your life. This only serves to sap your strength and slow your
spiritual growth. Beware of anything that can split your oneness with
Him, causing you to see yourself as separate from Him. Nothing is as
important as staying right spiritually. And the only solution is a
very simple one— “Come to Me….” The intellectual, moral, and spiritual
depth of our reality as a person is tested and measured by these
words. Yet in every detail of our lives where we are found not to be
real, we would rather dispute the findings than come to Jesus.

By Oswald Chambers

