https://utmost.org/the-key-to-the-master%E2%80%99s-orders/

The Key to the Master’s Orders

Pray the Lord of the harvest to send out laborers into His harvest.
—Matthew 9:38

The key to the missionary’s difficult task is in the hand of God, and
that key is prayer, not work— that is, not work as the word is
commonly used today, which often results in the shifting of our focus
away from God. The key to the missionary’s difficult task is also not
the key of common sense, nor is it the key of medicine, civilization,
education, or even evangelization. The key is in following the
Master’s orders— the key is prayer. “Pray the Lord of the harvest….”
In the natural realm, prayer is not practical but absurd. We have to
realize that prayer is foolish from the commonsense point of view.

From Jesus Christ’s perspective, there are no nations, but only the
world. How many of us pray without regard to the persons, but with
regard to only one Person— Jesus Christ? He owns the harvest that is
produced through distress and through conviction of sin. This is the
harvest for which we have to pray that laborers be sent out to reap.
We stay busy at work, while people all around us are ripe and ready to
be harvested; we do not reap even one of them, but simply waste our
Lord’s time in over-energized activities and programs. Suppose a
crisis were to come into your father’s or your brother’s life— are you
there as a laborer to reap the harvest for Jesus Christ? Is your
response, “Oh, but I have a special work to do!” No Christian has a
special work to do. A Christian is called to be Jesus Christ’s own, “a
servant [who] is not greater than his master” (John 13:16), and
someone who does not dictate to Jesus Christ what he intends to do.
Our Lord calls us to no special work— He calls us to Himself. “Pray
the Lord of the harvest,” and He will engineer your circumstances to
send you out as His laborer.

By Oswald Chambers

