http://utmost.org/the-nature-of-degeneration/

The Nature of Degeneration

Just as through one man sin entered the world, and death through sin,
and thus death spread to all men, because all sinned… —Romans 5:12

The Bible does not say that God punished the human race for one man’s
sin, but that the nature of sin, namely, my claim to my right to
myself, entered into the human race through one man. But it also says
that another Man took upon Himself the sin of the human race and put
it away— an infinitely more profound revelation (see Hebrews 9:26).
The nature of sin is not immorality and wrongdoing, but the nature of
self-realization which leads us to say, “I am my own god.” This nature
may exhibit itself in proper morality or in improper immorality, but
it always has a common basis— my claim to my right to myself. When our
Lord faced either people with all the forces of evil in them, or
people who were clean-living, moral, and upright, He paid no attention
to the moral degradation of one, nor any attention to the moral
attainment of the other. He looked at something we do not see, namely,
the nature of man (see John 2:25).

Sin is something I am born with and cannot touch— only God touches sin
through redemption. It is through the Cross of Christ that God
redeemed the entire human race from the possibility of damnation
through the heredity of sin. God nowhere holds a person responsible
for having the heredity of sin, and does not condemn anyone because of
it. Condemnation comes when I realize that Jesus Christ came to
deliver me from this heredity of sin, and yet I refuse to let Him do
so. From that moment I begin to get the seal of damnation. “This is
the condemnation [and the critical moment], that the light has come
into the world, and men loved darkness rather than light…” (John
3:19).

By Oswald Chambers

