https://utmost.org/his-commission-to-us/

His Commission to Us

Feed My sheep. —John 21:17

This is love in the making. The love of God is not created— it is His
nature. When we receive the life of Christ through the Holy Spirit, He
unites us with God so that His love is demonstrated in us. The goal of
the indwelling Holy Spirit is not just to unite us with God, but to do
it in such a way that we will be one with the Father in exactly the
same way Jesus was. And what kind of oneness did Jesus Christ have
with the Father? He had such a oneness with the Father that He was
obedient when His Father sent Him down here to be poured out for us.
And He says to us, “As the Father has sent Me, I also send you” (John
20:21).

Peter now realizes that he does love Him, due to the revelation that
came with the Lord’s piercing question. The Lord’s next point is—
“Pour yourself out. Don’t testify about how much you love Me and don’t
talk about the wonderful revelation you have had, just ‘Feed My
sheep.’ ” Jesus has some extraordinarily peculiar sheep: some that are
unkempt and dirty, some that are awkward or pushy, and some that have
gone astray! But it is impossible to exhaust God’s love, and it is
impossible to exhaust my love if it flows from the Spirit of God
within me. The love of God pays no attention to my prejudices caused
by my natural individuality. If I love my Lord, I have no business
being guided by natural emotions— I have to feed His sheep. We will
not be delivered or released from His commission to us. Beware of
counterfeiting the love of God by following your own natural human
emotions, sympathies, or understandings. That will only serve to
revile and abuse the true love of God.

By Oswald Chambers

