http://utmost.org/why-we-lack-understanding/

Why We Lack Understanding

He commanded them that they should tell no one the things they had
seen, till the Son of Man had risen from the dead. —Mark 9:9

As the disciples were commanded, you should also say nothing until the
Son of Man has risen in you— until the life of the risen Christ so
dominates you that you truly understand what He taught while here on
earth. When you grow and develop the right condition inwardly, the
words Jesus spoke become so clear that you are amazed you did not
grasp them before. In fact, you were not able to understand them
before because you had not yet developed the proper spiritual
condition to deal with them.

Our Lord doesn’t hide these things from us, but we are not prepared to
receive them until we are in the right condition in our spiritual
life. Jesus said, “I still have many things to say to you, but you
cannot bear them now” (John 16:12). We must have a oneness with His
risen life before we are prepared to bear any particular truth from
Him. Do we really know anything about the indwelling of the risen life
of Jesus? The evidence that we do is that His Word is becoming
understandable to us. God cannot reveal anything to us if we don’t
have His Spirit. And our own unyielding and headstrong opinions will
effectively prevent God from revealing anything to us. But our
insensible thinking will end immediately once His resurrection life
has its way with us.

“…tell no one….” But so many people do tell what they saw on the Mount
of Transfiguration— their mountaintop experience. They have seen a
vision and they testify to it, but there is no connection between what
they say and how they live. Their lives don’t add up because the Son
of Man has not yet risen in them. How long will it be before His
resurrection life is formed and evident in you and in me?

By Oswald Chambers

