http://utmost.org/the-delight-of-despair/

The Delight of Despair

When I saw Him, I fell at His feet as dead. —Revelation 1:17

It may be that, like the apostle John, you know Jesus Christ
intimately. Yet when He suddenly appears to you with totally
unfamiliar characteristics, the only thing you can do is fall “at His
feet as dead.” There are times when God cannot reveal Himself in any
other way than in His majesty, and it is the awesomeness of the vision
which brings you to the delight of despair. You experience this joy in
hopelessness, realizing that if you are ever to be raised up it must
be by the hand of God.

“He laid His right hand on me…” (Revelation 1:17). In the midst of the
awesomeness, a touch comes, and you know it is the right hand of Jesus
Christ. You know it is not the hand of restraint, correction, nor
chastisement, but the right hand of the Everlasting Father. Whenever
His hand is laid upon you, it gives inexpressible peace and comfort,
and the sense that “underneath are the everlasting arms” (Deuteronomy
33:27), full of support, provision, comfort, and strength. And once
His touch comes, nothing at all can throw you into fear again. In the
midst of all His ascended glory, the Lord Jesus comes to speak to an
insignificant disciple, saying, “Do not be afraid” (Revelation 1:17).
His tenderness is inexpressibly sweet. Do I know Him like that?

Take a look at some of the things that cause despair. There is despair
which has no delight, no limits whatsoever, and no hope of anything
brighter. But the delight of despair comes when “I know that in me
(that is, in my flesh) nothing good dwells…” (Romans 7:18). I delight
in knowing that there is something in me which must fall prostrate
before God when He reveals Himself to me, and also in knowing that if
I am ever to be raised up it must be by the hand of God. God can do
nothing for me until I recognize the limits of what is humanly
possible, allowing Him to do the impossible.

By Oswald Chambers

