http://utmost.org/walk-in-the-light/

“Walk in the Light”

If we walk in the light as He is in the light…the blood of Jesus
Christ His Son cleanses us from all sin. —1 John 1:7

To mistake freedom from sin only on the conscious level of our lives
for complete deliverance from sin by the atonement through the Cross
of Christ is a great error. No one fully knows what sin is until he is
born again. Sin is what Jesus Christ faced at Calvary. The evidence
that I have been delivered from sin is that I know the real nature of
sin in me. For a person to really know what sin is requires the full
work and deep touch of the atonement of Jesus Christ, that is, the
imparting of His absolute perfection.

The Holy Spirit applies or administers the work of the atonement to us
in the deep unconscious realm as well as in the conscious realm. And
it is not until we truly perceive the unrivaled power of the Spirit in
us that we understand the meaning of 1 John 1:7 , which says, “…the
blood of Jesus Christ His Son cleanses us from all sin.” This verse
does not refer only to conscious sin, but also to the tremendously
profound understanding of sin which only the Holy Spirit in me can
accomplish.

I must “walk in the light as He is in the light…”— not in the light of
my own conscience, but in God’s light. If I will walk there, with
nothing held back or hidden, then this amazing truth is revealed to
me: “…the blood of Jesus Christ His Son cleanses [me] from all sin” so
that God Almighty can see nothing to rebuke in me. On the conscious
level it produces a keen, sorrowful knowledge of what sin really is.
The love of God working in me causes me to hate, with the Holy
Spirit’s hatred for sin, anything that is not in keeping with God’s
holiness. To “walk in the light” means that everything that is of the
darkness actually drives me closer to the center of the light.

By Oswald Chambers

