http://utmost.org/take-the-initiative/

Take the Initiative

…add to your faith virtue… —2 Peter 1:5

Add means that we have to do something. We are in danger of forgetting
that we cannot do what God does, and that God will not do what we can
do. We cannot save nor sanctify ourselves— God does that. But God will
not give us good habits or character, and He will not force us to walk
correctly before Him. We have to do all that ourselves. We must “work
out” our “own salvation” which God has worked in us (Philippians
2:12). Add means that we must get into the habit of doing things, and
in the initial stages that is difficult. To take the initiative is to
make a beginning— to instruct yourself in the way you must go.

Beware of the tendency to ask the way when you know it perfectly well.
Take the initiative— stop hesitating— take the first step. Be
determined to act immediately in faith on what God says to you when He
speaks, and never reconsider or change your initial decisions. If you
hesitate when God tells you to do something, you are being careless,
spurning the grace in which you stand. Take the initiative yourself,
make a decision of your will right now, and make it impossible to go
back. Burn your bridges behind you, saying, “I will write that
letter,” or “I will pay that debt”; and then do it! Make it
irrevocable.

We have to get into the habit of carefully listening to God about
everything, forming the habit of finding out what He says and heeding
it. If, when a crisis comes, we instinctively turn to God, we will
know that the habit has been formed in us. We have to take the
initiative where we are, not where we have not yet been.

By Oswald Chambers

