http://utmost.org/the-go-of-unconditional-identification/

The “Go” of Unconditional Identification

Jesus…said to him, "One thing you lack: Go your way, sell whatever you
have and give to the poor…and come, take up the cross, and follow Me."
—Mark 10:21

The rich young ruler had the controlling passion to be perfect. When
he saw Jesus Christ, he wanted to be like Him. Our Lord never places
anyone’s personal holiness above everything else when He calls a
disciple. Jesus’ primary consideration is my absolute annihilation of
my right to myself and my identification with Him, which means having
a relationship with Him in which there are no other
relationships. Luke 14:26 has nothing to do with salvation or
sanctification, but deals solely with unconditional identification
with Jesus Christ. Very few of us truly know what is meant by the
absolute “go” of unconditional identification with, and abandonment
and surrender to, Jesus.

“Then Jesus, looking at him, loved him…” (Mark 10:21). This look of
Jesus will require breaking your heart away forever from allegiance to
any other person or thing. Has Jesus ever looked in this way at you?
This look of Jesus transforms, penetrates, and captivates. Where you
are soft and pliable with God is where the Lord has looked at you. If
you are hard and vindictive, insistent on having your own way, and
always certain that the other person is more likely to be in the wrong
than you are, then there are whole areas of your nature that have
never been transformed by His gaze.

“One thing you lack….” From Jesus Christ’s perspective, oneness with
Him, with nothing between, is the only good thing.

“…sell whatever you have….” I must humble myself until I am merely a
living person. I must essentially renounce possessions of all kinds,
not for salvation (for only one thing saves a person and that is
absolute reliance in faith upon Jesus Christ), but to follow Jesus.
“…come…and follow Me.” And the road is the way He went.

By Oswald Chambers

