https://utmost.org/spiritual-dejection/

Spiritual Dejection

We were hoping that it was He who was going to redeem Israel. Indeed,
besides all this, today is the third day since these things happened.
—Luke 24:21

Every fact that the disciples stated was right, but the conclusions
they drew from those facts were wrong. Anything that has even a hint
of dejection spiritually is always wrong. If I am depressed or
burdened, I am to blame, not God or anyone else. Dejection stems from
one of two sources— I have either satisfied a lust or I have not had
it satisfied. In either case, dejection is the result. Lust means “I
must have it at once.” Spiritual lust causes me to demand an answer
from God, instead of seeking God Himself who gives the answer. What
have I been hoping or trusting God would do? Is today “the third day”
and He has still not done what I expected? Am I therefore justified in
being dejected and in blaming God? Whenever we insist that God should
give us an answer to prayer we are off track. The purpose of prayer is
that we get ahold of God, not of the answer. It is impossible to be
well physically and to be dejected, because dejection is a sign of
sickness. This is also true spiritually. Dejection spiritually is
wrong, and we are always to blame for it.

We look for visions from heaven and for earth-shaking events to see
God’s power. Even the fact that we are dejected is proof that we do
this. Yet we never realize that all the time God is at work in our
everyday events and in the people around us. If we will only obey, and
do the task that He has placed closest to us, we will see Him. One of
the most amazing revelations of God comes to us when we learn that it
is in the everyday things of life that we realize the magnificent
deity of Jesus Christ.

By Oswald Chambers

