http://utmost.org/will-you-examine-yourself/

Will You Examine Yourself?

Joshua said to the people, "You cannot serve the Lord…" —Joshua 24:19

Do you have even the slightest reliance on anything or anyone other
than God? Is there a remnant of reliance left on any natural quality
within you, or on any particular set of circumstances? Are you relying
on yourself in any manner whatsoever regarding this new proposal or
plan which God has placed before you? Will you examine yourself by
asking these probing questions? It really is true to say, “I cannot
live a holy life,” but you can decide to let Jesus Christ make you
holy. “You cannot serve the Lord…”— but you can place yourself in the
proper position where God’s almighty power will flow through you. Is
your relationship with God sufficient for you to expect Him to exhibit
His wonderful life in you?

“The people said to Joshua, ‘No, but we will serve the Lord!’ ”
(Joshua 24:21). This is not an impulsive action, but a deliberate
commitment. We tend to say, “But God could never have called me to
this. I’m too unworthy. It can’t mean me.” It does mean you, and the
more weak and feeble you are, the better. The person who is still
relying and trusting in anything within himself is the last person to
even come close to saying, “I will serve the Lord.”

We say, “Oh, if only I really could believe!” The question is, “Will I
believe?” No wonder Jesus Christ placed such emphasis on the sin of
unbelief. “He did not do many mighty works there because of their
unbelief” (Matthew 13:58). If we really believed that God meant what
He said, just imagine what we would be like! Do I really dare to let
God be to me all that He says He will be?

By Oswald Chambers

