http://utmost.org/the-vision-and-the-reality/

The Vision and The Reality

…to those who are…called to be saints… —1 Corinthians 1:2

Thank God for being able to see all that you have not yet been. You
have had the vision, but you are not yet to the reality of it by any
means. It is when we are in the valley, where we prove whether we will
be the choice ones, that most of us turn back. We are not quite
prepared for the bumps and bruises that must come if we are going to
be turned into the shape of the vision. We have seen what we are not,
and what God wants us to be, but are we willing to be battered into
the shape of the vision to be used by God? The beatings will always
come in the most common, everyday ways and through common, everyday
people.

There are times when we do know what God’s purpose is; whether we will
let the vision be turned into actual character depends on us, not on
God. If we prefer to relax on the mountaintop and live in the memory
of the vision, then we will be of no real use in the ordinary things
of which human life is made. We have to learn to live in reliance upon
what we saw in the vision, not simply live in ecstatic delight and
conscious reflection upon God. This means living the realities of our
lives in the light of the vision until the truth of the vision is
actually realized in us. Every bit of our training is in that
direction. Learn to thank God for making His demands known.

Our little “I am” always sulks and pouts when God says do. Let your
little “I am” be shriveled up in God’s wrath and indignation— “I AM
WHO I AM…has sent me to you” (Exodus 3:14). He must dominate. Isn’t it
piercing to realize that God not only knows where we live, but also
knows the gutters into which we crawl! He will hunt us down as fast as
a flash of lightning. No human being knows human beings as God does.

By Oswald Chambers

